0x0010ECCE = FAMED GUNSLINGER.

0x0040092F = The ex-soldiers, renegades and criminals that loosely comprised the Lemoyne Raiders militia have mostly fled to Texas after repeated clashes with the government and law enforcement. Preaching the "Free Stater" anti-government and anti-tax doctrine, their message soon grew tiresome for a populace that simply wants to move on after the War Between the States.

0x007EEB9F = REMAINS OF FAMILIES FOUND.

0x0097123B = RATHSKELLER FORK LIES EMPTY.

0x009BC368 = While other traveling circuses have taken to exhibiting the latest fashion in freaks, Margaret delights with feats of animal entertainment. Having held multiple shows in the area, they are packing up the tents and heading to Rhodes.

0x00DCB216 = A dispatch from Tall Trees reports a sighting of infamous outlaw Dutch van der Linde, who has been on a bloody run from the law for many years now. The notorious Dutch's Boys gang once plagued this state, but it was believed to have disbanded as long ago as 1899. Two of his henchman – Hosea Matthews and Arthur Morgan - were both killed in separate raids by Pinkerton agents that same year.

0x01239A83 = Indeed, he provided employment throughout the country and it is entirely unthinkable why anyone would seek his death as his businesses have put biscuits on the table and provisions in the larder for thousands of families. ~n~The most thorough investigation was made shortly after the commission of the crime, but officials could not produce evidence strong enough to prove motive for this awful killing of a fine American.

0x01798558 = Indeed this publication received a sunny dispatch from the 31st state that New Hanover's very own Edith Downes has developed and opened a brand new golf course to much acclaim and fanfare. She and her son Archie have, of late, ventured into several businesses out west, which is a very distant lifestyle from her past as a rancher's wife.

0x01C90649 = HERESY

0x0203F543 = FEARS OF THE GRIPPE RETURNING.

0x022F1B8C = LAGRAS MOURNS.

0x02653802 = ANNOUNCES HIGH STAKES GAMBLING NIGHTS.

0x027CE5BA = Not since the invention of the steam engine has a contraption bestowed such delight as the Kinetograph, bringing moving pictures to the screen, delighting audiences around the world. At first an experiment which does for the eye what the phonograph does for the ear, it has quickly replaced the magic lantern as a source for amusement and entertainment. As an electric motor turns, it shines a light through a sprocketed film, projecting a moving image on a wall or screen.

0x02B09D95 = The driver of a train that passed through there earlier that day reported seeing two men on top of the bridge acting suspiciously but, as yet, they have not been identified. Law enforcement officers have been combing the surrounding area looking for the perpetrators. The governor has ordered the assembly of a large team of workers that will be dispatched to start rebuilding the bridge as soon as possible.

0x03001DDA = His wife, Mrs. Henrietta Abresson, reports that she received one or two letters brimming with excitement as Louis claimed to be closer to finding the object of his quarry. Then communication ceased, and weeks passed without a letter or cable. She fears the worst and has asked parishioners at her local church and treasure hunters everywhere to pray daily for his safe return.

0x0365AE63 = OTIS SKINNER CAUGHT

0x045483E4 = PRESIDENT SIGNS 1907 IMMIGRATION ACT

0x04F85F38 = FIERY COACH ROBBERY

0x0509FEA2 = In as many years as we have known author and angler Jeremy Gill, he has never missed a deadline for this column. No matter what place on the globe he is thought to be casting, his typed treatise appears without fail.

0x055A92C6 = PATRONS ENGAGE IN FISTICUFFS

0x059DD914 = CITIZENS OF VALENTINE PROTEST.

0x05E344C6 = Small farms across New Hanover are experiencing tightening prices and profits as large farming operations flood the market. A bushel of corn sells for a pittance, and many farmers say it's simply too expensive to continue. Operations like Emerald Ranch are cited as an example of what's bringing the area to ruin. As smaller farms fail, Emerald Ranch acquires them, further crowding out other farmers.

0x05F2E85F = Sheriff Thomkins was one of those lawmen who arrived on the scene. "There is very little to tell. We are searching for evidence at this time. The passengers are in great distress. The supply cars have been looted. Men are dead. This region's problems with lawlessness have returned."~n~Reports indicate the outlaws escaped after having engaged in a furious gun battle with the lawmen.

0x063C2D93 = RECLUSIVE CAVE DWELLERS SUSPECTED.

0x06C627A2 = DEAD AND DYING IN THE STREETS.

0x06DDBBDD = Little thought or rumination is given to who or why they butcher, and no amount of blood seems to slake their thirst. In response, the Army and law enforcement coordinated with the Pinkerton agency to seek the imminent capture or killing of gangs with great success in a concerted effort to civilize the region and bring the benefits of law and order to the people.

0x074DD0DD = ALBERTO FUSSAR DEAD.

0x075E6268 = Social Theorist and philosopher Evelyn Miller has resigned his post at Princeton after increased turmoil regarding his theories on mankind and the savage. Announcing that he had become "troubled at his own remorseless hypocrisy" the once regaled professor and theorist on what separates the white man from that of the lowly savage left the University in haste, and is reported to have retreated to the wilderness to write a book about becoming one with it.

0x07E04030 = QUINCY STATUE DEFILED

0x07EB9B19 = FOUL PLAY SUSPECTED.

0x0843512C = All was quiet and the air still as an explosion ripped through a Boles Overland coach traveling from Scarlett Meadows. In an unabashed robbery, the highwaymen dispensed with stopping the coach and ordering turnover of valuables. Instead, they planted dynamite on the road and as the coach rolled over it, ignited the explosives with a gunshot. In the resulting chaos the thieves looted the coach of its valuables and quickly dispersed.

0x0845AAEF = ANTICIGARETTE LEAGUE WARNS CARD SPREADS HABIT TO YOUTH.

0x08660A59 = The deadly attack resulted in the loss of $150,000 - the largest robbery in the region in recent years. Authorities believe that the men may have stashed the money in Blackwater before fleeing. Reports indicate that many are searching high and low for the stash, upending public spaces and neighbors' gardens.

0x0868E307 = Residents of the Heartlands who experienced hysteria-laden sightings of an African lion breathed a sigh of relief as the beast was killed at Emerald Ranch. The lion was responsible for a spate of livestock killings and the death of a farmhand. It was thought to have escaped from a traveling show called Margaret, Mistress of Danger: The World's Greatest Female Animal Trainer.

0x089187E2 = PITCHED BATTLE LEAVES MANY DEAD.

0x08AE7723 = It was hoped that with the spread of scientific knowledge, the scourge of medical quacks selling health and salvation from suffering would abate eventually. However, in towns and hamlets across the nation, the evolution of reputable physicians into swindlers continues at rapid speed as each new break in scientific progress is announced.

0x08E041AF = Officials and family members praised the agency for solving the mystery and finding O'Neil, who is recuperating from his injuries and exposure. Founded in the 1850s, The Pinkerton Agency has been instrumental in solving several disturbances, including labor disputes, and was even known to have foiled an assassination plot on the president.

0x08EA5CD2 = Professor Cecil H. Peck, secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, has worked tirelessly for several years on a steam-powered flying machine to be used for war purposes. The Aerodrome, as he named it, is unmanned and launches from the top of a houseboat by catapult. His earlier experiments met with a certain degree of success, flying briefly before crashing. His newer model buckled upon launch and fell into the river.

0x092A137D = Island residents from Barbados to Cuba are experiencing soaring prices and short supply of food and fuel. They are blaming local politicians and sugar barons for the situation. Shortly after the political unrest in the area, including the assassination of prominent sugar industry advocate and Guarman governor Alberto Fussar in 1899, American banking institutions, including JD McKnight & Co. took control of the sugar industry on several islands, including Barbados, the Virgin Islands, and Guarma.

0x095D8D25 = MONGREL GANG TERRORIZING AREA

0x09B4D6F6 = ECONOMY ON EDGE.

0x09F7A910 = QUICK JUSTICE EXPECTED.

0x09FDC0E2 = 1 MILLION DEAD FROM LAST EPIDEMIC.

0x0AB9A6BC = FAMILY FEARS THE WORST.

0x0AF40907 = Jack Yanner was only ten when the War Between the States ended, but he remembers the stories of how Southern ingenuity resulted in the invention of an underwater boat, or submarine, named the H.T. Abernathy, that played a part in the war. Under a contract with the US Navy, Yanner is currently working on a submarine based off the original design, but rather than being human powered, it moves via internal combustion engine while on the surface of the water and electrical power when submerged.

0x0BCAFB3E = My writings on angling continue to attract fresh young neophytes, eager to begin life's journey of standing in solitude, holding a pole in silence, free from the berating of the fairer sex. Indeed, I have even taught more than one U.S. President to fish, especially catfish, for luring bottom feeders into a pernicious situation that benefits the well-heeled is a prerequisite for successful politicians, almost as much as it is a prerequisite for any wise husband.

0x0BEFF85A = PINKERTONS FIND MISSING MAN

0x0BF561BD = He shrieks with pleasure, moaning as he fights the slimy beast, finally claiming victory, dripping, holding a writhing fish to his manly bosom. Glory and relief are his. The Muskie is a predatory fish that favors a lake lure, likes overcast conditions and fights hard. My fans have begged me to come claim a monster Muskie off the coast of Roanoke Ridge. I may go someday. If I see you, don't be shy. I won't bite. I'm not a Muskie, after all.

0x0BF48515 = PNEUMATIC WONDER!

0x0C7E55CB = United States Marshal Fulkerton received a dispatch from Silver Springs indicating that after years of evading capture, the Tallulah Jetty Gang was chased down after a brazen bank robbery in broad daylight. After a series of outrages, including the killing of several women and elders, officers placed 200 men in pursuit of the gang, which was overtaken near Anadarko.

0x0C52ECF6 = Witness to the events preceding their deaths was author and historian Theodore Levin, who is currently penning a biography on Calloway, in which he promises to chronicle in detail the tragic last moments and words of two legends of a lost era.

0x0C992735 = During a massive gunfight, the highwaymen set fire to a barn, which burned to the ground. They escaped to the woods in the south and authorities are searching the area for their whereabouts.

0x0CBBF84B = Not satisfied with the riches of their plunder, the members of the O'Driscoll gang are reported to delight in torture and bloodshed as part of their escapades, and have left widows and widowers in their wake.~n~Travelers are encouraged to be aware and armed, especially in the area of Big Valley, where the gang is reported to have taken a large ranch as a base of operations, leaving the family and ranch hands dead.

0x0CDB895E = After a long and bloody string of robberies throughout the region and the murders of sheriff's deputies, Esteban Cortez was finally captured. Dispatches from the area indicate he was caught near Gaptooth Breach, though at press time this couldn't be confirmed. Long sought by the Tumbleweed Sheriff's office, Cortez and his brother Ramon led an infamous gang of killers.

0x0D31A79E = Indians claim that the army is withholding supplies and medicine and that sickness is rife, all of which are falsehoods meant to further hostilities. We will stay with this story as events unfold.

0x0D72F61A = O'Driscoll had previously avoided the gallows following two separate murder convictions, and some members of his gang began shooting at police in retaliation directly after the execution.

0x0D4469FB = OTIS SKINNER KILLED

0x0DE5846E = ALLBRIGHT CAPTURED.

0x0E9B1594 = A MODERN MARVEL.

0x0EF3B5F7 = The horrifying assassination of the governor of the island of Guarma has caused the most intense of excitement on many of the islands in the Spanish West Indies. Reports conflict as to the details of his demise, though early assumptions are that it was part of an attempted coup.

0x0F7B733A = FORT WALLACE A BLOODBATH.

0x0F6801A9 = OUTLAW GANGS RUNNING RAMPANT.

0x0FB217EE = SMALL MOUNTAIN TOWN IN MOURNING.

0x0FDB791F = BLUEGILL.

0x0FDD207A = The assailants escaped during the bloody melee, having wounded and killed numerous marshals. A spokesman for the US Marshals called them "a gang of cowards" who will soon be brought to heel.

0x1A0D0CA4 = FAMILY MURDERED

0x1A8BF5B6 = CALLOWAY DEAD

0x1A4818A5 = GAMBLING OPERATION EXPOSED

0x1A9850F4 = Every day mothers toil over the washboard, cleaning the dungarees, bloomers and britches and keeping their households happy. However, a new invention out of Chicago promises to make that a thing of the past. The Hathaway Machine Company has announced the invention of a washing machine run by electricity. Clothes are placed in a drum type cavern that is galvanized.

0x1A12069C = TOILED IN HIDING

0x1AC591D1 = The Van der Linde gang is wanted for a string of robberies and murders, most notably the Blackwater boat heist where close to $150,000 was stolen. Ranchers in the area report missing livestock, and one man, Thaddeus Rivington, reported to police that his teenage daughter has disappeared and joined the gang, which he says serves as the only explanation as to why she wouldn't want to finish the process of discernment and joining a local convent.

0x1AC59242 = The brothers and their accomplices have evaded law enforcement and sown terror throughout the region. Bounties were issued for Cortez to be brought in dead or alive. Recently his brother was killed in Saint Denis, spelling the end of the Del Lobos.

0x1ADA68A9 = A SUMMER OUTING.

0x1B1AB74F = The First Philippine Republic has effectively declared war on the United States, objecting to the Treaty of Paris in which the U.S. took possession of the Philippines from Spain after the Spanish American War. American Naval forces have bombarded the city of Iloilo after the first shots were fired.

0x1B4D052D = GREAT SORROW AND SCENES OF RAGE IN GUARMA.

0x1B739BD4 = Nineteen year old Lenny Summers, and Hosea Matthews, believed to be approximately 55, were reportedly both killed but the bodies were never found in the cleanup, which took a number of days. Mr. Matthews was a wanted man in at least six different states. A further gang member was arrested and awaits trial. The rest of the gang escaped and remain at large. Some think they may have fled the country.

0x1BA72A90 = REPORT FROM BUTCHER CREEK.

0x1BC97E83 = TALLULAH JETTY GANG KILLED

0x1C0D6D23 = In Roanoke Ridge an explosion set off by a miner's lamp in Shaft No. 9 has killed up to twenty men. The town of Annesburg was plunged into confusion and despair as women and children were bewailing the deaths of husbands and fathers. The mine is owned by Archibald Jameson who said the company has been careful to provide every possible facility to prevent explosions, but notes that the mine has always been gaseous.

0x1CC05837 = The trolley eventually crashed in a grand spectacle, but the culprits shot their way through a garrison of law enforcement and fled on a police wagon. The horror that was unleashed stretched throughout the city, with citizens aghast at the trail of destruction and worrying for the health and safety of their families. A special meeting of the town council has been called and officials will seek a remedy to what is being called a wave of crime in what is normally a relatively peaceful city.

0x1D237B0E = THEY HAVE FLED

0x1E0C07D2 = THE ART OF ANGLING~n~BY JEREMY GILL.

0x1E9B1345 = THIEVES ESCAPE ON TROLLEY.

0x1E591CE3 = MUSIC AND FIREWORKS PLANNED.

0x1E6270E9 = "Why, that's the best time to fish, little fellow," I laughed heartily, slapping him on the back and causing him to cough mightily and, quite frankly, embarrass both of us. Poor little chap. Life can be very unfair. Fishing taught me that. I always say that some of the deepest introspection into a man's soul happens when he stands in a torrential downpour. I was fishing in the rain using live bait near Scarlett Meadows and hooked a monster Bluegill. And yet, even I didn't land him, so there's a metaphor, pretty much for everything.

0x1EE21FF0 = Initially looked upon as patriotic heroes fighting against tyranny during that conflict, they have failed to let the war between the states pass to history, instead using it as a rally point to wage war on law abiding citizens. And, some say, they have become the tyranny themselves.~n~Structured as a militia unit, they continue to recruit young disaffected men and engage in robberies and arms deals, even declaring that they are immune from tax and other regulation.

0x1EED9CAE = Reverend Alex H. Hughes was shot and killed for voicing his concern for the safety of the women on board a stagecoach destined for West Elizabeth. The shameful tragedy is part of widespread disorder led by notorious outlaw Colm O'Driscoll and his gang. Multiple stagecoaches and shipments have been robbed by the O'Driscoll Gang across New Hanover and West Elizabeth. Banks in the region are also said to be on caution as a number have been held up.

0x1F4B59D1 = American High Society thrives on spectacle and there is no bigger trend in the dinner dances, musicals and garden parties attended by the elites of the era than that of the writings of Evelyn Miller. His musings on nature, simplicity and the rights of savages are all the topics of conversation over a luncheon or mild tea. His ideas seem to penetrate the aristocratic cranium in such a way that readers can speak of little else.

0x1F4156CF = JD MCKNIGHT WARNS INVESTORS.

0x2A6F8FE7 = The accomplice and prisoner escaped during a massive running shootout. The local doctor was so overwhelmed with the dead and wounded that he has not been seen in town since.~n~A handkerchief said to be worn by one of the robbers was found in the tracks of their escape, with part of a tooth and other evidences of wounding. However, one official said that so many had been involved in pursuing the duo that it could have been one of the many dead that it belonged to.

0x2A41A1ED = They then battered and broke through the north gate, outnumbering the forces stationed there. Events descended into a massacre, the details of which are still contested. A memorial is planned for the site.

0x2A57D3EA = EXCLUSIVE DEAL WILL SAVE COSTS.

0x2A171EAB = HENRY JENKINS WAS VETERAN OF FORCE.

0x2A4318E0 = AMBUSH FREES OUTLAW.

0x2B076A71 = POWER STRUGGLE IN AFRICA AT ISSUE.

0x2B4C63D4 = PUBLIC IS INDIGNANT.

0x2B27C20A = NEW MAYOR LAUNCHES TOURISM EFFORT.

0x2B38A441 = WAS DESERTED ONLY DAYS BEFORE.

0x2BAD0F9C = MOONSHINE TRAFFICKING SUSPECTED.

0x2BDD9207 = Despite questionable accounts of poor conditions at plantations run by Cornwall employees, his goods flow throughout much of the United States, and Congress has so far shown little appetite for breaking up what many people call a regional monopoly of services. Alongside his private militia, he is believed to be one of the principal clients of the Pinkerton Agency in the region.

0x2BE8A633 = RESIDENTS OF STRAWBERRY IN FEAR.

0x2BFE9F82 = TERRIFIC EXPLOSION.

0x2C4B3FFB = IMMIGRANTS MUST STAY OUT, SAYS PRESIDENT.

0x2C18BA5D = The war for Southern independence took many casualties. Almost every family in the country knew of a loved one who perished in that war. While many have put the conflict behind them, and tried to bring our proud nation back together, that very struggle continues to beguile members of the Lemoyne Raiders gang.

0x2CCCF635 = REQUESTS GOVERNMENT PROTECTION.

0x2CCDF55F = This perforated cylinder contains blades that lift the clothing as it rotates. The new machines are expected to be sold through the Wheeler and Rawson catalogue as of next year. Drying the clothes, however, still requires a clothesline strung outside, or a mangle.

0x2CEAC37B = SEDUCED BY FAME.

0x2D1F04FB = KILLED BY OWN INVENTION

0x2D60DBDB = The War Department expects the cessation of hostilities to happen quickly as the American military force is strong and the Filipinos are armed mostly with bolo knives, spears, bows and other hand crafted weapons. American occupation of the archipelago has been contentious; however, military officials are planning a humanitarian campaign after hostilities cease.

0x2D771B0E = In a remarkable exhibition at The Halston Gallery in New York City, a new series of works by French artist Charles Chatenay demanded huge sums and sold quickly. His previous work has failed to gain much critical success in Paris and Saint Denis, however the New York art world quickly embraced his crude, innocent style, and a new South Pacific subject matter, with critics saying the work shows a sensitivity lacking in seemingly accomplished artists of today, and that the primitive style and subject matter complement one another perfectly.

0x2DEF6F8F = MARVEL OF DELIGHT

0x2DF6649B = The scrappy militia has spent the last few years robbing government employees and institutions and regular civilians as well. After some stinging defeats, the Lemoyne Raiders fled to areas of Texas, where it is reported their disdain for paying tax or supporting the government is more readily received.

0x2E041985 = THE ART OF ANGLING BY JEREMY GILL.

0x2E19FD6C = DOORS OF IRON DOWN

0x2F0A36C7 = Authorities and the Pinkerton Detective Agency say they are very close to having Dutch van der Linde and his gang in custody and they should be lodged in jail by the end of the month. The gang was responsible for the infamous boat robbery in Blackwater and have left a trail of death and destruction wherever they pass. They have held up trains, stolen wagons and livestock, and even attempted to rob a bank.

0x2F18986D = NOTORIOUS OUTLAW'S LUCK RUNS OUT

0x2FB84639 = TWENTY-ONE DEAD IN ATTACKS

0x2FDA791C = ILLEGAL DEN OF CROOKS

0x3A00DC4A = The driver ordered the man to move so that they may continue their journey. At that moment, men hiding behind rocks emerged and shot and killed the driver and guards. They then escaped with the wagon. The gang are assumed to be immigrants or a rogue gang of Indians. Law enforcement has been searching the area hoping to locate the dynamite before it is used for criminal means such as blowing open a bank safe.

0x3A2EC634 = MOTORIZED LAWN MOWER PATENTED.

0x3A302344 = Travelers through the southern part of Roanoke Ridge report a fungus outbreak in the trees there that has quickly spread throughout the canopy. The strange white fungi have covered numerous trees there, causing great damage to the trees. One known fungus attacks older trees, entering through a knot and resulting in the disintegration of the heartwood.

0x3AB0C1B1 = ROMANCE NOVEL PROVES BEST SELLER

0x3AE57E15 = Mrs. Chester Damsen, a wealthy socialite and self-trained opera singer who most recently traveled to New York City to sing on Broadway, was robbed while traveling through Scarlett Meadows. The ruse began as a man purporting to be in the business of throwing musicals stopped the wagon she was traveling in and asked Mrs. Damsen for an impromptu audition. Happy to oblige, she sang her heart out. Little did she know, the man had an accomplice hiding in the thicket.

0x3B20FE52 = ART EXHIBIT ENDS IN A ROW

0x3B936C58 = UNREST IN THE TROPICS

0x3B82981F = MASSIVE EXPLOSIONS

0x3BAF90AA = ROCK BASS.

0x3C053F8F = TRANSPORT DISABLED.

0x3C628F43 = Not since General Francisco Ramirez Torres seized the presidency of Mexico in the bloody coup of 1876 have relations been so strained with the U.S. Among heightened tensions, General Torres has placed troops along the border to deny entry to prospectors, cattle ranchers and renegade bands of Indians who have taken to raiding Mexican settlements.

0x3CA8361E = A combination force of Cherokee Indians and a militia formed after the bank robbery pursued the gang to a cave in the bluffs south of the area, where a spectacular gun battle took place, killing several officers. After a period of quiet, one man entered the cave where he found a gravely wounded William Bishop bleeding out next to deceased henchmen Harold Sutton and James Shaw.

0x3D39ED92 = He hopes when it is completed in 1900 it will be the first submarine commissioned by the Navy. While the Abernathy killed two crews during testing and ultimately sank during battle when it was too close to its own torpedo explosion, it did ultimately sink the Northerners' navy ship. There are also plans to possibly power the new design with steam, similar to a competing submarine currently in development in France.

0x3D74EEB6 = THE ART OF ANGLING~n~BY JEREMY GILL.

0x3DF0C94D = PANIC OF 1907

0x3E041A80 = MESSAGE SCRAWLED IN BLOOD.

0x3E5C3704 = He is now calling for government support to bring protection to industries working to improve conditions in the west, after a string of robberies.~n~Mr. Cornwall, who has been known to speak glibly about the evil effects of education upon certain kinds of lesser intellects, is one of the wealthiest men in the region, and requires numerous private guards to protect his person and multiple concerns.

0x3EA68A78 = Originally from the east coast, Timmins says the timber town is poised to become a cultural beacon, an 'Adirondacks of the West,' drawing pleasure seekers to come enjoy the local sights and sounds, and bask in nature's infinite glory. Some locals have been lukewarm to his plans, saying that tourism is a highly seasonal endeavor that results in low-paying jobs, expensive housing for locals, and rude, demanding tourists.

0x3F8B5198 = OFFICIALS PRAISE THE AGENCY.

0x3F1028E4 = EXPLOSIONS AND CHAOS

0x3F6216F1 = The evils of Chelonianism are still flourishing. It is now practiced openly and this newspaper believes it is a menace to all our liberty. Christian citizens of Valentine gathered at a church last Saturday to protest what they and any sensibly minded people consider a blasphemy in their midst. The Chelonians have been actively recruiting young men.

0x4A1F42F9 = PROMISE TO ROOT OUT ORGANIZED CRIME.

0x4A29ECB8 = LOCAL MAN FINDS ROCK CARVINGS.

0x4A9903D9 = When asked to investigate, all refused, saying it is from a man who died decades ago and anyone who touches the arm falls prey to bad luck. The authorities plan an investigation.

0x4AF07677 = LED BY NOTORIOUS CRIMINAL MICAH BELL.

0x4B1FCA63 = One official said that the brothers use their elderly mother's small cabin as a stash house for money and weapons, though when law enforcement seek to investigate the region the brothers disappear without a trace. Travelers are warned to avoid the area.

0x4B7C3E2A = INVENTION POWERED BY STEAM.

0x4B14B220 = From my home not two weeks ago. Three cows. One, a black cow with horns sawed and tag in one ear. The other two both tan and white spots. All three are very good milkers and ran off during an electrical storm.~n~Information as to the whereabouts will be graciously received and a very generous and thoughtful reward tendered.~n~T.K. Lengingham

0x4C8E1608 = BANK ROBBED

0x4C31AD9D = Wall Street banks are expressing worry that the public is displaying misplaced outrage and indignation over the pouring of $25,000,000 in tax dollars into the stock exchange to protect asset values. They say it is needed because of the inelastic rules of the national banking system; however, many say that is a gross misrepresentation of the facts.

0x4C79E98A = FOUGHT BRAVELY AT SCARLETT MEADOWS.

0x4C81897F = MUSIC TRANSMITTED THROUGH THE AIR.

0x4C557695 = The senator laughed and said he intended to use the same sentiment towards immigrants. What a leader he is. One day, I hope he runs for president. Fish for steelhead trout in lakes in the south. Try crickets. Best of luck!

0x4CE61738 = The need for a constant replenishment of blocks of ice in order to keep the icebox well stocked and cool might be a thing of the past. A patent has been filed for a mechanical refrigerator that does not require replenishment of ice, no matter how hot the weather outside. A regulator automatically controls the flow of refrigerating medium in the pipes of the apparatus through use of thermostatic pressure and a compressor.

0x4D82DFEF = THE ART OF ANGLING~n~BY JEREMY GILL.

0x4DA869E4 = CONSOLIDATION BRINGS FEARS OF MONOPOLY.

0x4DD8D6B5 = A prisoner set to hang for a brutal murder escaped from jail in Strawberry, setting the town on edge after a horrific shootout. The violence erupted in rapid fashion, catching the Sheriff and other law enforcement off guard. Tens of lawmen are dead in what is described as the most brazen jailbreak in years. ~n~An accomplice surprised lawmen and the normally peaceful town erupted in gunfire.

0x4E440076 = For most intelligent women, fishing is indeed the greatest aphrodisiac. While fishing in South America, entire villages were known to throw themselves at me, man, woman and beast, which believe me, could create remarkable confusions and contortions. I had traveled there to catch Gar – a fantastic creature that responds well to lures and likes overcast conditions. Try your luck! You might catch a wife!

0x4EEB576F = A SECOND GOLD RUSH.

0x4F523CF9 = SETTLERS ARRIVING DAILY.

0x4F8687D8 = The elite and politicians of Saint Denis are waiting for their invitations to attend the annual champagne reception and gala held by Mayor Henri Lemieux at his exquisite mansion on Flavian Street. Known as the richest and most extravagant party of the year, it is considered the highest honor to receive an invitation to attend. Invitations have been sent, ball gowns and fine suits are being made to order, champagne has arrived by boat just two days ago, enough to fill a swimming pool should Mayor Lemieux choose to build one.

0x4FB944F5 = Newspaper: Tenth Edition

0x5A030E3A = While prospectors seek untold millions in gold lying in streams and hills of the West, word has spread of a man who is close to making gold. Residents in the area on the border between Cholla Springs and Gaptooth Ridge in New Austin say rumors are running rampant of a reclusive alchemist, Anthony, who lives in a small cabin and is close to perfecting the ability to change any base metal such as copper or tin into gold.

0x5A95A16C = A SICKNESS SPREADS.

0x5ADF164B = REWARD OFFERED FOR PRINCESS ISABEAU.

0x5B8E136F = Scientist Deborah MacGuiness is notifying colleges far and wide with her claim to have discovered a new kind of dinosaur unlike any seen before. The specimen is said to have three legs, a tail for swimming, large antlers like that of a massive elk, and tusks. Calling the species Totalisaurus West Elizabethus, she has excited enthusiasts who are clamoring to see it.

0x5B64FF1C = Unusual interest is manifesting by geological students over the recent discovery of a skeleton that appears to be partially human and also equine. A prominent paleontologist from Yale has been summoned to Big Valley to investigate the site that contains bones and ancient debris that have confounded locals.

0x5B91A2A7 = MARSHALS SURPRISE THIEVES

0x5B157D9E = Reports say the new altercation began when some associates of the Braithwaites entered the Rhodes Parlour House and offered customers plenty of free, untaxed liquor.

0x5B695F83 = PRESIDENT'S ACTS FURTHER ISOLATE AMERICA.

0x5BB4BBB8 = Imagine never again having to swing a scythe to clear a field of grass. Carlile McKinnroy has filed a patent for a motorized lawn mower that he says will make the chore a thing of ease.

0x5BB6FF34 = STOCK MARKET CRASHES.

0x5BD8FC0B = MEMBER OF VAN DER LINDE GANG.

0x5C2476ED = SAVAGES IN THE SWAMP.

0x5CB9F319 = SORROW AND THE SOUTH.

0x5CDF5790 = Another bank coach found itself the victim of a hold up, this time in the Heartlands region, with politicians demanding something be done to stem this spate of robberies and allow for the regular flow of commerce. Coach robberies have become commonplace of late, with highwaymen growing more and more bold as law enforcement in rural areas has come under remarkable strain.

0x5D4DE1B2 = FOREMAN BOYS SUSPECTED.

0x5D6FD1BF = A stagecoach and five passengers are missing, and friends and families of those journeying on it are fearing the worst. Each day Etta Buckley expected word that her daughter Meredith had arrived from Saint Denis. Yet when she asked at the stagecoach stop, no word had arrived. Multiple coaches came and departed after its scheduled terminus, and none had word of, nor had seen or heard anything about the missing vehicle. It seems as if the coach has simply vanished into thin air.

0x5D52A190 = ROYAL KIDNAP

0x5D3283E6 = DISEASE OF THE BOWELS.

0x5E1A4FE2 = INJURIES FROM STRIKES.

0x5E93EC33 = MURDEROUS INDIAN BREAKS FREE

0x5E280486 = ROAD AGENTS FEARED.

0x5F17C7A9 = He was believed to be hiding in The Grizzlies for many years, emerging to sow mayhem and murder to fuel a life on the run. Micah Bell, one of the most notorious outlaws in the region and a former member of the infamous Dutch van der Linde's gang, was slain at his hideout. The train robber and desperado evaded authorities for years, during which time he killed nearly two dozen men. He had sworn an oath to compatriots that he would never be taken alive.

0x5F60BDEE = FORGOTTEN, FORLORN LAKAY.

0x5F561611 = OUR MANIFEST DESTINY

0x6B4049BD = Some have blamed the exodus on the cantankerous caretaker who lives there and seems hell-bent on driving everyone away. It is hoped someone else will take the place over and return Rathskeller Fork to the days of old.

0x6B63648B = MEXICAN BORDER DISPUTE INTENSIFIES

0x6C6BBBB7 = TOWNS DECRY UNCHECKED VIOLENCE.

0x6C10E0AB = She also suffers from rheumatism which has since been inflamed by the electrical strike. Mr. Wilton safely fled the house but returned having noticed that a small section of the sitting room was set ablaze by the bolts of light.

0x6C90E48F = A MIGRATION IS BEGINNING.

0x6C470F5C = The oil reserves discovered on land near the Wapiti Indian Reservation in 1899 have turned up dry, and all drilling operations have ceased and packed up. There were high hopes for the location following a detailed exploration by the Leland Oil Development Company on behalf of Cornwall Kerosene & Tar, and a number of petroleum outfits had sought to develop it into a well-paying field.

0x6C81447F = A sizeable price has been put on the head of Foreman, who has eluded or escaped the authorities multiple times. It was believed the gang had fled for the western frontier a few years ago but they appear to have returned for reasons unknown. Considered a local hero to some, authorities seek Foreman's immediate capture.

0x6D5FE7EA = This quiet, pretty logging town nestled in the mountains is seeing a lot of change recently. Since the arrival of its new mayor Nicholas Timmins, talk is all about his efforts to turn Strawberry into a first class tourist destination for well-heeled travelers from across the country.

0x6DAF126A = LONGNOSE GAR.

0x6E32BE27 = FIRST RECORDED DEATH BY PETROL DRIVEN VEHICLE.

0x6EC772B2 = REIGN OF TERROR OVER

0x6EDC63AA = The shocking tragedy that befell William Bowles is once again in front of the authorities. At the request of a woman in Rhodes, a petition to authorities asks to investigate the circumstances surrounding the death by stoning of her nephew William Bowles. While many variations exist on the events that transpired that day, some in the community say that William was slow of learning and had committed an act that warranted his death by an angry mob.

0x6F2F1AF8 = NEW HANOVER HAILED AS "A GEOLOGICAL WONDERLAND".

0x6F762B03 = A WORLD OF AMAZEMENT.

0x6F297532 = It was carrying a man, two women, including Buckley's daughter, and a five-year-old boy. If indeed her daughter is dead, it will be a terrible blow for Ms. Buckley, who has sought treatment from the doctor for hysteria and is holding court in her parlor, under sedation from a pharmacist's tonic.

0x6FAE242B = Foreman boasted that the law will never dare enter the slums of Saint Denis to arrest him. However, a bounty was issued and Foreman was captured. He is now telling his tales in the Saint Denis jail.

0x7A4267C1 = The piano is covered in dust and is decaying. The streets are desolate. The larders filled with vermin. Windows broken. Families gone. Rathskeller Fork, a remote settlement in the desert of Gaptooth Ridge, New Austin, was once a bustling place where goods were traded. Travelers would stop for refreshment and repose, and dances and suppers brought merriment and cheer. It's now deserted.

0x7C087099 = SCORE OF LAWMEN DEAD IN WILD SHOOTOUT.

0x7C9DCB59 = COME SEE STRAWBERRY!

0x7C312A7E = NORTHERN PIKE.

0x7CD6DEE4 = Authorities took gunsmith Chu Ling in for questioning and were informed that the gambling operation was conducted by organized criminals who threatened his health and welfare should he not acquiesce to the dishonest venture.

0x7D4E7788 = LAGRAS FISHING AND HUNTING.

0x7D64CE00 = OVERNIGHT SUCCESS.

0x7D553BBA = MEXICAN DESPERADOS BRING TERROR

0x7D9229E2 = A MODERN STEAM MARVEL

0x7DCD43F0 = The site, just south of Armadillo, contains the remains of a woman and also the head of a common donkey, leaving experts to wonder if they come from one beast or if an animal attacked and dismembered both a woman and her donkey and dragged the sections elsewhere.

0x7DE3DA18 = SWAMP STORIES.

0x7DFA9951 = ROBBERY AT CORNWALL FACILITY

0x7E035FF4 = One recent evening while lining the larder with an impressive catch of Longnose Gar caught in Lemoyne, I noted that my bounty had astonished the neighbor and indeed his wife, who looked on with envy and a sense of remorse at what could have been. Her dullard husband is subjugated to smashing rocks at a quarry or some other life of remorseless toil in a factory or office, while I, the man she insanely rejected, am an international celebrity and world-leading expert in his field.

0x7E2D129F = A brawl broke out at an exhibition of the works of French artist Charles Chatenay, sending the Saint Denis art world into disarray and shock as several prominent art patrons were injured. Extensive damage was also reported to the gallery's permanent collection. The disruption is thought to have begun as a reaction to the crude, naive art works, which were described as gaudily colorful and shocking in their detail.

0x7E311442 = Treasure Hunter and Gemologist Louis T. Abresson has amassed a collection of gems from around the world, and is particularly fond of emeralds, having given his betrothed an emerald engagement ring from a stone he procured from Egypt to match her green eyes. Six months ago, he bid farewell to his wife and newborn daughter and headed on a frigate to the island Guarma in the Spanish West Indies, near Cuba, in search of what has been rumored to be the largest emerald ever discovered.

0x7EE0F74D = Residents of Blackwater view the lockdown with contempt. Businesses who depend on shipments of dry goods, sundries, and catalogue sales complain the Pinkertons have caused an unnecessary burden to life and welfare.

0x7F2F963A = VIEWERS ASTOUNDED AND DELIGHTED.

0x7F4C6176 = STAGECOACH STOPPED IN SCARLETT MEADOWS.

0x7F578EA5 = The project came with complications, including controversy over missing workers' wages and a land dispute. Representatives from towns such as Van Horn Trading Post and Annesburg say the new line will result in the decline of their towns. Civic planners hail the railroad as a new dawning day in American progress and history.

0x8A0911EE = COST OF FOOD, FUEL ANGERS CITIZENS.

0x8A0A70BE = STAGECOACH MISSING

0x8AA77A89 = A gambling house has been functioning on the third floor of a storefront housing a Saint Denis gunsmith, operating completely without molestation by the authorities. The operation was raided recently by police investigating a commotion in the area and patrons and employees of the operation were questioned. It is estimated that hundreds of seamen, horsemen, travelers and gullible residents have hazarded and lost their fortunes at the illicit operation.

0x8AAA1709 = EXOTIC FINERY BOOMS IN SAINT DENIS.

0x8B918373 = Professor Andrew Bell III, who startled the world with his novel invention that puts condemned criminals out of existence, was sadly killed demonstrating his electric chair. During the execution of Wilson J. McDaniels, the chair seemed to malfunction. Witnesses report multiple attempts were made at the execution, which in a mishap killed Bell as McDaniel's hair burned yet he did not expire.

0x8BCF4E52 = BLACKWATER BOOMING

0x8BEDE141 = DEL LOBOS GANG FINISHED

0x8BFA2226 = MAN KILLED WHILE HUNTING.

0x8C7AC6BE = Mrs. Swan was turned over to authorities and is currently awaiting trial in the Valentine jail. Still protesting her innocence, at the time of capture she was luring another unsuspecting suitor into her web.

0x8C66E5C6 = LAND OF THE LAWLESS.

0x8CC4E8F5 = A banking coach traveling through Scarlett Meadows found itself the victim of an ingenious robbery. According to the account by one of the guards who died shortly afterwards, a woman in distress flagged the coach. Thinking that she was in distress, the gentlemen slowed to come to her aid, at which point a highwayman hiding on the side of the road shot the driver dead.

0x8CE7BCB8 = THE ART OF ANGLING~n~BY JEREMY GILL.

0x8D1FCF9D = Residents claim this is due to the Indian family murdered years ago with a treasure they had found. The reports are uncanny yet come from several sources, and the prevalence of Indian artifacts around town has only increased the locals' excitability.

0x8D11FF28 = CHILD KILLER.

0x8D4429B9 =  Telegraphic and telephone communication erupted in the hours afterwards as friends and loved ones reached out to find what had transpired. ~n~Services for the dead will be held in the coming days.

0x8D29124C = BLACK WIDOW CAPTURED

0x8DAA1B85 = Bounties for his death or capture have long been posted far and wide. That reign of terror came to an end when the leader of the notorious gang, The O'Driscoll Boys, was captured during a routine coach inspection by a deputy. O'Driscoll was examined by Judge Taylor the next day. His sentencing was quick and concise. He will be hanged for murder in Saint Denis.

0x8DBF8414 = DEPUTIES PURSUE OUTLAWS, ONE KILLED.

0x8DCBF7EA = Several institutions have doubted the find, with Dr. Herbert Manius from Harvard saying "MacGuiness is known for histrionics, and it is likely this discovery is simply the fusion of fossils who all expired in the same location."

0x8EA19431 = Roanoke towns are often plagued with poverty, superstition and maladies, but after deformities began to appear among residents of rural Butcher Creek, the townspeople say the area may be cursed. Contaminants were found and some accuse the Roanoke Mountain Fuel Company of fouling the local drinking water, resulting in large goiters, rashes, sores and psychosis.

0x8F0754DC = Workers flocked to the area in anticipation of jobs that would pay as much as 22 cents an hour. Companies sank well after well, coming up empty with only a miniscule amount of oil being found, not enough to keep operations running. The tribe at the reservation went on the run after a series of attacks on the army, culminating in a bloody battle at the Cornwall Kerosene & Tar factory around the time news of the oil discovery became known.

0x8F8AEA9E = STEELHEAD TROUT.

0x8F9C5125 = MOTHERS CHEER

0x8FBA13A5 = THEY WILL BE TAUGHT THE HUMANITY OF CONQUERORS.

0x8FBEFE22 = Property agents from The Laramie Corporation are visiting small farm owners offering large sums under their new economic model. While opponents say a way of life is perishing, others argue that America is a country of progress and those clinging to the homesteader ideal are firmly stuck in the past. Scale, they say, will always win out.

0x9A4880F6 = LEMOYNE RAIDERS NOW IN TEXAS.

0x9AA6E132 = CONFEDERATE WAR HERO.

0x9ABF33FD =  The last holdouts fear that there exists not much future for their dear town of Tumbleweed and it will become another casualty of the technological advances that have blighted so much of our westward expansion, with controversial Sheriff Samuel Freeman presiding over a dusty, soon to be forgotten, relic in the desert.

0x9AD96B10 = The town of Valentine has reported many strange sights and sounds in recent years, and residents speak of a curse that has fallen on the area. Spectral canoes have been seen on the water, and the cries of mourning Indian mothers have been heard at night. At other times, usually on windy, starlit evenings, piercing cries are heard from the distance.

0x9AEA955B = COCAINE USE TO REQUIRE PRESCRIPTION.

0x9B240B17 = NEW HANOVER FARMS FAILING.

0x9BDC6333 = Wayfarers in the Grizzlies have reported a massive cliff face sculpture is under way, courtesy of an as yet unknown artist. Undertaken by a lone man toiling a with hammer and chisel, but rarely seen, he is suspended by hemp rope and works in the beating sun to accomplish his artistic vision of carving a face into a prominent rock face. The project began several weeks ago according to travelers, who say the man has undertaken it as an homage to his beloved wife.

0x9C3A6B3D = After a long and bloody string of robberies throughout the region and the murders of sheriff's deputies, notorious outlaw Esteban Cortez was finally caught. Dispatches from the area indicate he was captured near Gaptooth Breach, though at press time this couldn't be confirmed. Long sought by the Tumbleweed Sheriff's office, Cortez and his brother Ramon led an infamous gang of killers.

0x9D70BD1E = CONSIGNED TO HANGMAN'S NOOSE.

0x9E0F5149 = CHICAGO NEGROES HOLD ANTI-LYNCHING SERVICE.

0x9EB0D9D4 = TREASURE HUNTER DISAPPEARS

0x9EFD27FF =  Macguire even once suggested to a sheriff that his rope wasn't stout enough and may break under his weight.~n~Officials have called for action, saying the escape is yet another example of the inability of police to keep criminals incarcerated.

0x9F0BF375 = Investors are staking claims to the areas and surrounds, eager to build housing settlements. It is true – everything is up-to-date in Blackwater. Each day, more dispatches arrive from the East saying "We're coming to Blackwater! She's a great gal that! She's a huckleberry above most people's persimmons. Show me another like her any whar, and I am thar directly!", or words to that effect.

0x10AFB1A7 = TENSIONS HIGH

0x10C63BCB = ASSASSINS AMBUSH RICH MAN IN ANNESBURG.

0x11CABD71 = LANGTON IS HOT ON THE TRAIL.

0x11DFBF5F = At one time Rhodes stood as a true small town jewel in the South. Tobacco and cotton production boomed - bringing an era of hope and prosperity that lasted even after the war. However many worry that prosperity is now on the decline. Production of crops is down, and the last two surviving big plantation families, the Grays and the Braithwaites, while always bitter rivals, have increased hostilities as this economic downturn worsens.

0x11E1C652 = Written dispatches from the coast of Massachusetts report a novel experiment transpired recently. Using an experimental alternator-transmitter at Brant Rock, technicians broadcast radio signals carrying the music from a phonograph record of Handel.

0x11E82635 = Even before Columbus sailed for America, golf was soaring in popularity in the United Kingdom, so much so that archery and other sports that could defend the realm were falling out of favor. Concerned over national security, in 1491 Scotland decreed the sport unlawful for a period of time. In the United States, the lovely pastime could not be more popular, especially in California, a state devoted to entertainment and leisure.

0x12E35308 = VALENTINE BREATHES RELIEF

0x13AED899 = The prisoners, neither of whom speak English, were freed and after some food and rest have sent dispatches to their immediate families, who have not heard from them in some time. It is believed the victims were to be sold to unscrupulous farmers and ranchers in the Caribbean.

0x13DDACB2 = The dead are believed to be members of the notorious O'Driscoll Boys, who have been lying around the area in recent weeks and responsible for robberies of banking and mail shipments.

0x15E0227F = OUTLAWS SEND TRAIN ON DRIVERLESS JOURNEY.

0x16EAFC38 = CONVICTS ESCAPE SISIKA'S DUNGEONS.

0x17C69EAF = QUEER PRANKS OF LIGHTNING.

0x17F304D6 = SHIPS RECEIVE BROADCAST.

0x17FC0DE3 = No fish ignites the flame of angling in any true fisherman like the trout. A man must study the water and insects like a hawk, for trout are moody and will just as soon sit and watch an ill-picked fly float overhead. Once, while fishing with a Senator, I stood with a sulky trout in my hands and informed it I intended to rip his brother and entire family from the water and watch them gasp for a breath.

0x18E7D71B = THE SAD STORY OF OTIS MILLER JR.

0x20D002D4 = A hunter looking for deer was set upon by a very large bear this week. The bear was separated from its cub and by instinct attacked the man. He fired five shots before the big brute reached him, breaking both his shoulders, cutting the vital organs and terribly lacerating his face. He was found dead by a scouting party after his wife reported him missing. The bear had previously killed a cow a week before and a reward of $10 was put forth for its capture.

0x21AF778E = DEL LOBOS GANG FINISHED

0x21DCE93D = Newspaper: Thirteenth Edition

0x22E6E6DA = MISSING FOR SOME TIME

0x24EE7AAF = A gun battle ensued in the streets of the town. The gang evaded capture, and soon it seemed as if the entire town were after them. They were chased by authorities who were sadly unsuccessful in capturing the culprits.

0x25E0FBFC = A TRAP SPRUNG

0x26A2AF89 = Rail Baron and industrial Titan Leviticus Cornwall stood next to a ship unloading Cuban sugar from the island of Guarma and hailed a new era of cooperation between the two countries. After making two trips to the region to tour sugar plantations, and signing an exclusive purchase order with the Governor of Guarma, imports are on the rise. Cornwall had called local governor Alberto Fussar "a great friend of America."

0x26C5DC52 = AT CLEMENS POINT.

0x27ECFB44 = GOLFING SOARS IN POPULARITY.

0x28F8F8DD = Newspaper: Second Edition

0x29AD3847 = The funeral flowers have wilted. The widows long since forgotten. But none will forget the audacious robbery of the Lemoyne National Bank a few weeks back. It not only ended the lives of those shot defending justice. It ruined many lives of those who saved their money for months and years, only to have it taken by a murderous band of thieves. The Van der Linde gang woke that bloody morning thinking they were to have an easy target of the bank, until they were surprised by Pinkerton Agents who put up a good fight, killing two members of the gang.

0x30F992C9 = The Bank of Valentine has been robbed by an outlaw gang thought to be responsible for several recent holdups and a spate of violence. The bank's manager was distracted by a female accomplice of the gang, then forced to open the vault. The safes were blown open with dynamite and it is believed that several thousand dollars in cash, notes and commercial papers were taken or destroyed.

0x31F9F87B = Luxembourg - In a royal proclamation, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg has issued a decree offering a reward of $1,000 for information resulting in the whereabouts of Princess Isabeau. The princess disappeared from a remote hunting lodge while on a hunting trip during a private family visit to the United States. She was five years old at the time.

0x32F347BD = Now that the fifth victim has been found, lawmen are expressing caution, indicating that all residents should avoid traveling alone in the evening wherever possible, and keep all residences without locks barricaded overnight. Women are especially advised to show caution, as they are more often than not the victims of attacks.

0x33F9CED1 = From the words of those he's chased down, James Langton is relentless, cunning and fearless. Known for his sizeable frame and ten gallon hat, the bounty hunter from New Austin is the best in the country, running down outlaws and flushing out bandits. With a small army now working for him, law enforcement are happy to hand over their dirty work to Langton and his crew.

0x34A0258F = FUSSAR CALLED FRIEND OF THE US.

0x34BC7E10 = EXPECTED TO ARRIVE WITHIN THE WEEK.

0x34CB2A34 = FAMED GUNSLINGERS BATTLE

0x34D02413 = AFRICAN LION KILLED

0x35B75CF7 = MONEY LIKE WATER.

0x35F613DD = Comprised of half breeds and mixed race outcasts, the cunning gang became adept at outwitting lawmen and covering their tracks. While Otis has been caught, others remain at large.

0x36AE37D9 = ANGELO BRONTE SENDS CONDOLENCES.

0x37B7D436 = In an act that further proves their treachery and villainy, restless and disruptive forces amongst the Indian population have once again attacked American forces, this time in an effort to free one of their own. A murderer known as Eagle Flies was broken out of an army barracks at Fort Wallace where he was set to stand trial for a series of murders of army personnel. In a daring attack in the middle of the night, members of his disruptive tribe attacked soldiers, brutally killing them and fleeing with their comrade.

0x38A32D95 = AUTHOR LESLIE DUPONT'S FOURTH TOME PROVING VERY SUCCESSFUL.

0x38C8AB1C = SHE IS SUBORDINATE TO MAN.

0x38D3CD9F = CHOLERA EPIDEMIC RAGES

0x38ED61AF = Man is the most predatory and indeed carnivorous of all the animals. But what drives men to revert to the uncivilized, savage state of cannibalism? That question is on the minds of investigators who have discovered human remains in a cave near an abandoned wagon train in the Grizzlies, east of Lake Isabella. Teeth marks on the remains indicate that the cave dwellers resorted to eating each other, possibly in order to survive.

0x38F58676 = While there have been rewards offered in the past, the most recent offering is the highest ever considered. It follows recent rumors that she had been taken to a small town in the United States. Princess Isabeau has a characteristic birthmark on her face and right hand. Anyone who suspects her whereabouts is encouraged to visit local law enforcement.

0x39B7A797 = Four brothers have descended into some of the most desperate criminals who have operated in the western mountain region. They are still at large despite a coordinated effort among law enforcement. Known as "Watson's Boys", the four Watson brothers began banditry at a young age, and having learned how to hunt, track and hide in the Big Valley region, they have taken to violence.

0x39D4EC33 = MURDERER WAS SET TO HANG.

0x39E30900 = Wall Street has been fighting against government regulation for many years now. Senior bankers argue the claim that the only way the system can work is for them to get handouts of tax dollars is a ludicrous assertion, and that the system works as intended.

0x40AFDA19 = MAN FEARED CONTAGIOUS.

0x40B5A0C6 = ESTEBAN CORTEZ CAUGHT

0x40C91B99 =  Valentine is well known in the region as a rough around the edges livestock town with some insalubrious visitors, and altercations are not uncommon. The recent spate of violence is, however, unprecedented. Bar fights in the Smithfield's saloon are too frequent. Many are still in shock at the recent violence including a brutal massacre at Six Point Cabin. Local officials are calling on state and federal authorities for assistance in restoring order.

0x44C945BB = Frightened passengers were held hostage though not, mercifully, molested. Reverend Eunice Garrand has called for the expulsion of what he calls "all men of Mexican ancestry as they bring villainy and wanton crime to our great country."

0x45AA79C8 = MAN'S TROPICAL ENEMY.

0x46A33537 = Brutal murderer Otis Skinner is finally behind bars and residents of Blackwater and the surrounding region are breathing a sigh of relief. Otis and his brother led a ragtag bunch of criminals who collectively called themselves The Skinner Brothers and are responsible for deaths, dismemberments, robberies and kidnappings. Known for taking gruesome trophies and mutilating victims, the Skinner Brothers Gang was wanted in several states and has evaded capture for years.

0x46DCB15A = In my extensive travels, I've logged many a mile on steamers, paddleboats, and nautical vessels of the queerest sort in search of trophy fish and, of course, wisdom. Many a sensible young angler who sees me as their hero will ask why fishing is dull, throbbing boredom punctuated by the wild explosion of excessive joy at a mere tap against the bait. That's because you're doing it wrong, you jackanapes, I tell them.

0x47B92D44 = "We had been moving some head of cattle when we heard a commotion," local resident Jasper Smith said. "Lots of gunfire and screaming. When we arrived on the scene what we saw was horrific." All the guards were killed in what appeared to have been a high velocity chase and gunfight. The coach was ransacked.

0x47D0BF8F = The Pinkerton National Detective Agency has concluded a thorough investigation into the case of a merchant who went missing last month. Conditions at the time of his disappearance led immediately to the theory of murder. However Pinkerton agents studying his accounts made some startling discoveries. John O'Neil, one of the most popular and widely known merchants in St. Louis, disappeared without a trace last month.

0x47D0E219 = SAINT DENIS PAWNBROKER IMPLICATED

0x47DA80EC = CORNWALL ORDERS FASTEST STEAMSHIP IN THE WORLD.

0x49E913D5 = LEADER OF GUARMA ASSASSINATED

0x50D25BF0 = Leviticus Cornwall is a well-known expansionist. "A railroad into every expanse of this country is only a matter of time," he declared when launching the Cornwall Southern & Eastern Railways. He builds the trains, and uses them to ship goods for Cornwall Freight & Commodities, Cornwall Kerosene & Tar and his other business concerns. His sugar business reaches into the Caribbean, and not a week goes by without a ship ferrying Cornwall Sugar calling into America.

0x52C85C9D = DEAD EVERYWHERE - FAMILIES GRIEVING.

0x52E7C33D = A facility for local guttersnipes and street Arabs has been opened by a local titan of industry. The hotels in New York have become lavish beyond description, with wives renting enormous suites for society parties. New York's wealthy social circles are truly in full swing, and the attending industries that serve their pleasure report record business.

0x53ACCFAB = A private train owned by the railroad, sugar and oil magnate Leviticus Cornwall was robbed in broad daylight by masked outlaws. Headed North towards the Grizzlies, the outlaws boarded and stopped the train shortly after it had departed from West Elizabeth. Initial cables sent as of printing time indicate the bloody takeover occurred in order to steal railroad bonds from the personal car of Mr. Cornwall.

0x53EB05CE = VICTORY IN 100 DAYS.

0x54F3A7A5 = ANNESBURG MINE ACCIDENT

0x54FD2DE7 = The struggle for power in Africa continues. The territories of rival European powers are being disputed once more. Great Britain has plunged into a full-scale war against Dutch settlers in Southern Africa known as the Boers. Despite the belief that a compromise would be found, hostilities have commenced to crush the Boers as Great Britain rushes to send men and munitions to Southern Africa.

0x55A583EC = Still others say that based on the pictures, it points to an ancient civilization chronicling the visits of beings from the heavens. Reverend T. Jenkins has preached that anyone who claims such has committed blasphemy, and they should be tried and convicted under the rule of the Lord.

0x55F572F4 = NEW EDITION FROM FALCON CLAW DRAWS PROTEST.

0x56E98822 = CORNWALL EXPANSION CONTINUES

0x57A2048A = ROBBERS USED DYNAMITE

0x57CA181F = HOOKWORM PLAGUES WARMER CLIMES.

0x59A5A869 = A series of late spring snowstorms rendered the Grizzlies impassable in May, catching many unprepared, having used most of their winter provisions. The snow, often measuring feet in many areas, is unusual this late in the season. Reports from riders who have recently encountered the area say that respite is finally in sight.

0x59F9E823 = As I have often told keen readers of this column, fishing is, for those of us intelligent enough to see it, really the best way to understand humanity in all its glory. As a famous angler, writer and dare I say it, philosopher, I'm used to the perils of celebrity. Once, while signing an autograph for a polio-stricken youth in Kuala Lumpur, he asked me my thoughts on fishing while it is raining.

0x60AB67CA = WAS SEEKING FAMED EMERALD FROM GUARMA.

0x60BFDF05 = Watch as unsuspecting members of the audience become part of the show! The lineup changes nightly and ticket prices are reasonable, as Abbington is wont to remind you repeatedly. This is sophisticated entertainment at its finest, like they enjoy in London and Paris.

0x61A06A18 = SAYS U.S. IS UNSTOPPABLE.

0x62D3B7A0 = A HAUNTING SPECTACLE.

0x62E36E14 = Now beginning commercial production, the Turbinia class, as it was first christened, is expected to be a private vessel for Mr. Cornwall, built to his exact specifications and including a level of opulence and grandeur not before seen on modern sailing vessels.

0x65D808CB = Sanitary conditions in the town are deplorable and the mortality rate is so high that residents have taken to burning bodies. Between the dust storms killing crops and causing starvation and the scarlet fever epidemic, some say Armadillo feels like a cursed town. Travelers are advised to avoid the area.

0x66B3B706 = SAINT DENIS ENTERTAINMENT SHINES.

0x66E64EF4 = Local groups argue that island residents are suffering the most, while businesses say heavy investments by American financial institutions have allowed for the revitalization of the local economies.

0x67DF1699 = The town has had such troubles over the years with pandemics and dust storms that some refer to "The Armadillo Curse" and warn people to stay away.

0x69BA9B9F = Mercier was heading up the Mayor's program of cultural enrichment and democratization, involving the art collection at the Saint Denis gallery, which is beginning to gain national recognition following its endorsement from Professor Shiftacre of Yale University. Mercier also worked to secure a huge endowment from newspaper owner Hector Fellowes for construction of a library. The Mayor has vowed to press on with the cultural programs in honor of Mercier.

0x70C6D674 = GERMS OF LAZINESS.

0x72ABD7C2 = BOUNTIES BEWARE

0x72B3FF6E = Valentine – Residents say it sounded like the Indian Wars had resumed on their streets. At first, shots rang out as women and the feeble ran for cover. It soon turned into an unrelenting cacophony of gunfire. Lawmen traded shots with members of the notorious Van der Linde gang who had come to town to rob and steal. A few agents known to be working for Leviticus Cornwall joined in the fray, quickly creating a scene of unmitigated chaos.

0x73B8202F = A dispatch received from Comanche Indian territory yesterday says that Deputy United States Marshal Tidwell and another deputy attempted to arrest Cletus Yarnell and Lawrence Branch for introducing intoxicating liquors into Indian Territory. The outlaws resisted arrest and a gun battle ensued, with Marshal Tidwell's horse being shot out from under him. The desperados fled into Indian territory and were pursued. Yarnell was mortally wounded, Branch was arrested.

0x73C6F423 = I consider myself a fisher of man as much as a fisherman. As trouble brews in Europe, and all this nasty business unfolds with Spain, I was asked by the President to tour over there and unite nations by bringing the great leaders together through reigniting a faculty that lies dormant in most men: fishing. Trapped in palaces and attending functions deprives a man of his instinct for self-preservation and joy.

0x74AD7760 = A supply coach operated by Cornwall Industries was ambushed just south of Scarlett Meadows in Lemoyne. The band of thieves, numbering four in all, ordered the guards to abandon the coach. They then immediately fled with the stolen coach. The victims of the coach robbery gave pursuit to a local farm where the assailants were discovered later that night.

0x74F3C26A = His millinery work and corsetry are all the rage amongst the fashionable members of the higher classes, who prize his use of rare and most delicate materials such as orchids and egret feathers. With a long list of elite and aristocratic clients from all around the world, Mr. Wasp's workshop toils into the night to make the waists of aristocrats slimmer and their heads dainty with finery. He remains an example of Saint Denis's status as a cultural capital of the world.

0x76EE3450 = VAN DER LINDE REPORTED SEEN IN TALL TREES.

0x77ADAC76 = Scarlet fever exists in this town to an extent that has never been seen before, believed to be due to bad sanitation, though one health official claims it is exacerbated by the high winds and dust storms plaguing the county. The spread of zymotic diseases has raised great fears. Many households are under quarantine and those who can are fleeing in droves.

0x77C4D941 = Noted Yale anthropologist Harold MacDougal, author of the book "The Scourge of Crossbreeding", presented a paper to colleagues at a symposium last week, reminding fellow scientists that some races are predisposed to create higher functioning societies than others. The paper, titled 'Savage Minds: The Racial Continuum Between Animal and God', has created a stir amongst those in the anthropological community.

0x78A05855 = EVELYN MILLER RESIGNS

0x78C04947 = CITIZENS FORM POSSE.

0x79D2F0B0 = PLAGUED BY SCANDAL

0x79E7F401 = For nearly ten years, citizens of numerous Western states have fallen victim to the savagery of Colm O'Driscoll and his gang of outlaws. They have robbed coaches, battered women and men alike, murdered, tortured, and committed sundry unmentionable atrocities. His wild, hot-headed and impulsive ways are the stuff of outlaw legend.

0x80A1D20B = SOLDIER ESCAPED DEATH

0x80A44550 = The gang evaded capture, and soon it seemed as if the entire town were after them. They were chased by authorities who were sadly unsuccessful in capturing the culprits.

0x80AA4DF3 = 15 YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF SUSPECTED KIDNAPPING.

0x81D4EBF5 = A wagon carrying cartridges of dynamite was stolen in a brazen hijacking. When the perpetrators fled, multiple men lay dead or wounded. Onlookers said there was a sufficient amount of the explosive to blow up the largest building in Saint Denis. The shipment originated from the Annesburg mine, which had surplus dynamite. The dynamite was destined for Saint Denis where it was to be sold. As the wagon continued its journey, the driver noticed a man lying down in the road appearing to be sick or badly intoxicated.

0x81D49183 = CIVIL WAR SOLDIERS TURN CRIMINALS

0x82B3D30C = Prominent New York financier JD McKnight spoke to a group in New York Friday, saying that the economic policies of the United States could create another financial panic "within the next 10 years." During the Panic of 1893, the US Treasury nearly ran out of gold, prompting McKnight and others to sell the government 3.5 million ounces of gold.

0x82F71A6F = EXPLOSIONS RIP OPEN SAFES

0x84AE6D1B = WAPITI QUARREL WITH U. S. AGENTS.

0x84BDB04A = When Fannie Crenshaw suffered from rheumatism, she looked to Benedict Allbright to ease her suffering. He told her that the fatty streak of flesh around the vertebrae of reptiles will cure any case of rheumatic issue. Showing her a long list of certificates from happy patients he had cured, she borrowed money from the bank and purchased several bottles.

0x84E0B433 = FORT WALLACE REQUESTS MORE TROOPS.

0x84EAE04F = CRIME WAVE CONTINUES.

0x86AFC1A3 = FAMISHED ANIMALS MAKE MEN PREY.

0x86E8F955 = COACH ROBBERY GONE AWRY

0x87D1B52F = THE INDIAN TROUBLE

0x88BE74CF = Just a few years ago an influenza pandemic spread across the globe, spreading fever and misery to all within its touch, killing well over a million people. The Russian Flu, as it was called, experienced recurrences every year for several years then went dormant. Physicians are warning that another Grippe pandemic is due to spread, and advise patients to practice caution and cleanliness.

0x88DA9AA1 = ESPECIALLY WOMEN AND CHILDREN.

0x89C8FA6E = He captured the Dillard Brothers with the help of a pair of twin prostitutes. He killed Cecile Montgomery while he sat trapped on the commode. Sheriffs say, "Crooks beware, Langton is coming after you."

0x90C47792 = DOZENS DEAD.

0x91D0573C =  He'd dip it into the crick, the fish would bite and he'd sling it up onto the bank with a toothless laugh. Happy fishing, for those of you with and without a full complement of teeth.

0x91EE2B09 = SUPPLIES TO SHIP BY RAIL.

0x94BC506E = Newspaper: Eighth Edition

0x94CE2412 = MURDERED SEVERAL MEN

0x94E0A468 = LOVE LETTER TO WALL STREET.

0x95C2114B = BUBONIC PLAGUE IN SAN FRANCISCO.

0x95EC9E1B = Mechanic Hershel E. Bennett has broken the land speed record in his amazing marvel of modern engineering, the Stratton Steamer. Modified from the consumer model from the Stratton Motor Carriage Company, he took it to a beach in Florida where a crowd cheered as he reached 127.66 mph, the fastest any human has traveled.

0x96AE83F6 = INFAMOUS KILLERS WILL SOON BE CAPTURED.

0x96BF5EEA = A WORD FROM THE EDITOR.

0x96C0264A = "We must keep foreign products from our shores. They strip our workers of labor, food from the tables of our families, and only seek to benefit rich titans of industry abroad," he said at the signing. The President's popularity has been waning during his campaign for American isolationism, and especially after a typhoid epidemic ravaged and killed 2,500 troops in military bases across the country under his administration.

0x96CAE06E = CHANNEL CATFISH.

0x97CFD163 = TARIFF ACTS HURT TRADE, RAISE PRICES.

0x97EDED6C = WAGON HIJACKED IN VAN HORN.

0x99B97313 = He chronicled the period where he rediscovered his faith and began witnessing on street-corners, to then become assistant pastor at a church in Ohio and now New York. During his recent attendance at the Convention Meeting of First Congregational Churches he delivered a very moving oration, impressing attendees as an eloquent and persuasive speaker, and was almost immediately offered the position.

0x102DB64C = A "MOVING PICTURE SHOW".

0x116C52BB = Initially thought to have been murdered, certain facts tied to his disappearance have given cause for suspicion. Officials hired the Pinkerton Agency to investigate. The Agents report that Mr. O'Neil was short in his accounts.

0x144AC0D1 = Many of Cornwall's private guards and local lawmen took part in the furious exchange of hot lead. The identities of the evil murderers are still entirely unknown. Mr. Cornwall was building a significant presence in the area, having recently bought a stake in the local coal mine which was previously exclusively operated by the Jameson Mining Company.

0x148ECC6E = ESTEBAN CORTEZ DEAD

0x187FD683 = Newspaper: Fourteenth Edition

0x194BAC24 = After a bloody shootout that resulted in the seizure of a large quantity of banknotes being shipped by boat, Pinkerton Agency officials have restricted access to the town of Blackwater while a massive manhunt is underway.~n~Officials issued bounties on the heads of Dutch van der Linde and his gang, commonly known as Dutch's Boys. Banks looked to shipping assets via boat as a more reliable means of transportation, impervious from thieves.

0x198BFC4F = A GENTLEMAN'S SPORT

0x216B113C = PRISON IS A CAGE OF WILD ANIMALS.

0x231EF620 = Through his shop, Mr. O'Neil handled large sums of money and according to his friends fulfilled his trust honorably. After it was disclosed he was up to $5,000 short on his accounts and had taken to playing cards regularly, the suspicion of his friends was that he had taken his own life. After a thorough search of the hills and surrounding countryside, O'Neil was found in a ravine, half-mad and wishing to die, saying he had brought shame on his name and family.

0x244F7D3C = REIGN OF TERROR ENDS

0x278F3EF3 = Early reports say the remains are believed to be the Drennen and Harville families whose wagon train disappeared in January 1896. Scientists are currently excavating the scene.

0x286A5A14 = After an earthquake that destroyed 80 percent of the city and killed over 3,000 people, the city of San Francisco now reports that a second epidemic of bubonic plague has broken out. It is believed the outbreak is due to the large number of rats in the area. Fleas from infected rats transmit the disease, resulting in fever symptoms, seizures, gangrene and necrosis of the extremities, along with, in many cases, death.

0x287C4C21 = O'DRISCOLL HANGED

0x296ACD02 = BRAWL AT CHATENAY ART EXHIBITION

0x299BE1FE = BELIEVED TO BE VAN DER LINDE GANG.

0x299C9CC2 = REMEMBERING FORT RIGGS.

0x327FA73F = By all accounts, Margaret, Mistress of Danger brings the grandest circus show. All the surrounding country comes to enjoy the spectacle and splendor that causes wonder and joy. Margaret, Mistress of Danger: The World's Greatest Female Animal Trainer is the most superior form of canvas-covered entertainment. Hailing from England, Margaret delights the crowd as she wrangles exotic beasts, including zebras, fierce tigers and ferocious lions.

0x336B4A13 = It has been one of the President's main initiatives since he took office after President Macalister's assassination. When asked about the large number of people coming to America, Waxman said all immigrants should be required within five years to learn English or leave the country.

0x337CB55F = CRACK OF RIFLES HEARD FOR MILES.

0x361CF130 = Two separate bands of highwaymen had their sights on the same banking stagecoach north of Strawberry in Big Valley. The driver called out "it's a hold up!" and the guard could see four masked men outside. During the encounter, a separate band of highwaymen arrived and exchanged gunfire. Sheriff deputies arrived on the scene several hours later and found looted bodies in a stretch of the Dakota River.

0x399EFBE3 = PROMINENT YALE SCIENTIST SPEAKS OUT

0x450DA099 = In retaliation, with an isolationist tone, President Macalister has called for a ban on trade with Mexico. He said the U.S. has provided resources over the years, including help in ending the Apache Wars ten years ago, and received little in return except hostility.

0x466E2A62 = Stroll by the Theatre Raleur and it is hard to miss the gay spectacle that transpires inside. Indeed you can hear it spilling out onto the street. Master of Ceremonies Aldridge T. Abbington has brought a divine spectacle to Saint Denis, and the nightly shows feature an epic brute of a woman named Hortensia, the magic and daring escapes of Benjamin Lazarus, a fire breather, a snake charmer, French dancers, musical acts and more.

0x477BFAC5 = ORIGINALLY BELIEVED TO BE MURDERED.

0x485B20A9 = The final ties were laid and spikes driven through to complete the Central Union rail line stretching through New Hanover. Passengers will be able to bypass the Grizzlies, Rhodes and Scarlett Meadows, drastically reducing travel time. Now with a direct line connecting Cornwall Kerosene and Tar and Saint Denis, freight and commuters will flow fast and freely.

0x495AB023 = Truly, for those who can afford gold, this is a true Golden Age. Some, however, point out the brutal poverty that greets most immigrants just a few miles from these palaces in lower Manhattan.

0x495CAADF = Some engineers and guards from the train survived the slaughter but were too startled to report much information of value to authorities.

0x508B2BB0 = The Bureau of Indian Affairs counters that these are unfounded rumors and insist health and medical aid were given, despite ungrateful Indians who staged an uprising and murdered government officials. Tribal leaders say they will persist in their campaign to bring forth what they say is the truth.

0x512DAEF1 = Normally, I plan on teaching confused and lost heads of state to catch Perch. Small, easy to catch and tasty, any inbred dullard or pompous windbag worth his seat can hoist one into a boat with a worm. A sunny day, a grog of ale, and a stringer full of Perch will alleviate the world's weight on one's shoulders. Be well, be wise and be lucky!

0x533ED52F = CUBAN IMPORTS ON THE RISE.

0x560F6847 = Some of the most desperate bandits in the region are imposing a reign of terror on the Grizzlies and surrounding country. Led by famous gunslinger, outlaw and robber, Flaco Hernandez, a gang of thieves has raided numerous local towns, including Strawberry and Valentine. In one daring but ultimately fruitless train robbery, the safe and strong boxes were blown to atoms.

0x612AE6EE = LAKE STURGEON.

0x622CD650 = SAINT DENIS ROBBERS STILL ON THE RUN

0x625CFBC6 = LAWMEN, DUTCH'S GANG, CORNWALL GUARDS FACE OFF.

0x669DA414 = OWNED BY LEVITICUS CORNWALL.

0x690F050F = The brothers and their accomplices have evaded law enforcement and sown terror throughout the region. Bounties were issued for Cortez to be brought in dead or alive. Recently his brother was also captured and is sentenced to be hung.

0x696D8B24 = ELECTRIC WASHING MACHINE INVENTED.

0x711A3CE3 = THE ART OF ANGLING~n~BY JEREMY GILL.

0x725F8F94 = CORNWALL MURDERED

0x741FBE49 = FLEE ON POLICE WAGON.

0x751E4AC9 = LUXEMBOURG ROYAL.

0x755FD54C = PRISONER ESCAPES

0x758A3237 = There was great disappointment felt last year when the predicted meteoric shower did not appear. Astronomers the world over wondered if the shower had been given up as lost or merely delayed a year. However, amateur astronomers have been sending in dispatches regarding sightings of meteor showers near Roanoke Ridge in New Hanover after a large meteor hit there.

0x766ABA4D = RANSOMED AND TORTURED.

0x796C91F0 = MAYOR'S ASSISTANT THOUGHT DEAD

0x797CD19E = A sense of unease and uncertainty has arisen among landowners as a wave of real estate speculation is sweeping through cow country and large cattle outfits are offering large sums for small ranches. Headed by Abel Atherton, the Cattle Association seems intent on remaking the West, having recently acquired Hanging Dog Ranch and a considerable number of acres around Strawberry.

0x799E3A17 = A severe bout of cholera has broken out in Armadillo, a town still reeling from the brutal scarlet fever epidemic at the turn of the century that left a significant portion of the town dead. Reports indicate that as many as three in four residents are experiencing symptoms of cholera, including diarrhea and vomiting. Armadillo has been plagued with poor sanitation conditions for many years, adding to the spread of disease.

0x805DD911 = SCORES DEAD IN BLOOD FEUD

0x812FDB11 = The gang of thieves is believed to be thinning in numbers as internal squabbles and gun fights with the law have taken out several members.

0x814D1ACC = A thunderous boom was heard across the valley between New Hanover and Ambarino as the remnants of the Bacchus Bridge fell into the ravine below. The littered wreckage burned white hot and sent smoke billowing skywards. According to local officials, the bridge is thought to have been sabotaged with dynamite, although investigators are not discounting other possibilities. All military supplies destined for Fort Wallace are now idle, including dragoons, a hospital detachment and munitions of war sorely needed in the area.

0x823B106B = The Butcher Brothers, who ran afoul of legendary gunslinger Landon Ricketts, are also featured. Mexican desperado Flaco Hernandez graces one card. "When the likes of Frank Heck, The Otis Miller Boys, or the coward Billy Midnight who shot many men in the back are celebrated in this way, it spreads the contaminating influences and effects of the cigarette habit," said Miss Hattie Beardsley of the Anticigarette League. Stores report that the tobacco has been selling well.

0x824D9257 = The Mayor of Saint Denis has abruptly resigned as questions began to surface in regards to his ties to organized crime. Mayor Lemieux's recent programs of cultural enrichment and democratization involved the collection at the Saint Denis gallery, which is beginning to gain national recognition after a surprise endorsement from Professor Shiftacre of Yale University. He also worked to secure a huge endowment from newspaper owner Hector Fellowes for construction of a library.

0x842DA98D = REDFIN PICKEREL.

0x862D5745 = COLONEL PROMISES JUSTICE.

0x875B71DA = Speaking to a packed crowd in New York, President Thaddeus Waxman announced that this year is set to see the largest number of immigrants ever recorded passing through Ellis Island. The promise of this great land is known far and wide, he said, and over a million immigrants are expected to arrive in New York in 1907, greatly eclipsing previous years. The President also announced that Col. William Thomas Kirchner would be the chief engineer of the Panama Canal project, one of the largest construction projects in memory.

0x878EC605 = COMMERCE IN QUESTION

0x891D0461 = GIVES LIFE TO SERVING OTHERS

0x898BEF88 = The residents appear to be crippled with sickness, disfiguring them. Our reporter indicates that the people are sad and confused, often ranting the place is under a curse and that God has forsaken them.

0x902E19A2 = It is well known that anglers go mad at times. Like hares in March, the sight of an annual salmon run or Steelhead Trout snapping at flies in spring is a topic of considerable froth and forecast for the best of us. However there exist fish that are available year round and bring great joy. When in Italy, I once took the Pope fishing for chain pickerel, and he delighted at the fantastic action and fight of this toothy fish.

0x926CC69A = A SEARCH FOR ANCIENT BONES

0x942C80AA = BUBONIC PLAGUE SPREADS

0x945C59F2 = The long and persistent efforts of Brother Aldred Dorkins to expose a secret forced labor operation in Saint Denis have finally met with success. Authorities have implicated Saint Denis pawnbroker Claude Jarreau of keeping individuals against their will. Jarreau was running a slavery ring from a hidden cellar accessible behind a bookcase. Rumors had persisted for years yet no definitive proof was found until recently.

0x970C9B7E = WAR BREAKS OUT IN PHILIPPINES

0x981CFCE5 = BANK ROBBED

0x994B7207 = LAWMAN FOUND DEAD

0x995B2256 = SUGAR BARONS TO BLAME.

0x1478C762 = PATTERN IDENTIFIED.

0x1712BC65 = The Chinese Exclusion Act, passed into Federal Law in 1882, has been renewed. The law prohibits all further immigration of Chinese laborers, saying they have a detrimental effect on the US economy and are being used by industrialists to undercut labor and keep wages low for everybody. Proponents of the regulation also argue that the Chinese have committed acts of violence upon Americans and will never integrate properly into our society.

0x1739F3DE = Once at a dinner party held in my honor by the German Ambassador, I witnessed a rotund woman inhaling plate after plate as if her life depended on it. I remarked that she possessed the culinary conducts of Acipenser fulvescens, a joke sadly lost on most in attendance. Any half-educated man knows that the lake sturgeon is a bottom dwelling fish with a sizeable snout that disturbs sediment and vacuums up small creatures.

0x1795E9D3 = The Cagian, or Acadian Frenchmen of the area around Lagras, would rather hunt alligators than work in the cane fields, with the latter being monotonous and the former a lot more pleasurable, at least usually. However, a very real element of danger is involved, as a Lagras man found when tying his boat up to a river bank. Having successfully killed three alligators, he no doubt was thinking of the price their leather would fetch at market.

0x1799DF90 = Gang members Bill Williamson, Micah Bell, John Marston, and Charles Smith are still believed to be at large. A telegraph from Mexico reports that Javier Escuella is believed to reside in the mountain region there. The massive sum of money taken in the Blackwater Robbery by the gang has never been recovered. It was said to have been stashed in the town somewhere after the gang escaped.

0x1877CC15 = OFFICIALS CALL FOR ACTION.

0x2641D071 =  Rival European powers accuse Great Britain of threatening legitimate claims to territories controlled by others, and the gold and diamond mines there that create immense wealth. Also of concern is that the vast and unruly native populations may prove restless, ungrateful and resentful towards their European masters.

0x2705E91A = GRAND CHAMPAGNE RECEPTION TO BE HELD

0x2753D97E = These Indians, acting in conjunction and harmony with government officials could prosper and become friends to the Americans who have tamed the lands from New York to California. Instead, exhibiting savagery, ingratitude and surly behavior, the treacherous Indians falsely accuse mistreatment. In light of all the tensions reported in the region, Washington has sent another military delegation to try to reduce the tension.

0x2965C1E2 = DELIVERS POWERFUL MESSAGE.

0x3016BC73 = Law agents and others on the trail of the Van der Linde gang say they have discovered the remains of a camp that no doubt served as their base of operations as the gang robbed, terrorized and killed citizens across the Scarlett Meadows area recently. The rather large area was well organized and, based on the footprint of the operation, it appears that more people are involved in the thieving organization than officials pursuing the gang originally thought.

0x3032ED5E = EXCLUSION ACT UPHELD.

0x3054F9F8 = PERCH.

0x3158E89F = SENATE ACTS ON CORNWALL RAIL.

0x3325C10C = Traders and economists are reeling after the stock market continued to collapse this week. Those in banking circles say we are witnessing the largest evaporation in wealth ever recorded. Cries of anguish were heard on the streets of lower Manhattan as the stock exchange continued to erupt into a frenzy and bankers rushed to find some way to subdue the panic.

0x3762C5C8 = A telegram from Sheriff Oswald Dunbar announced that a family traveling through Tall Trees has been found slain – reportedly by the notorious Skinner Brothers. The mother was found strangled and the children hanging from trees. The father was found dead nearby, tortured in a gruesome and savage way. The Skinner Brothers are a rag tag bunch of outcasts and criminals, known for brutal ways of dismembering and thieving.

0x3771B2DD = SHOOTOUT AT TROLLEY STATION

0x4094E300 = Residents of Saint Denis are living in fear as the ritualistic deaths from years ago have returned. The pattern is the same. Teeth marks like those of a hyena or dog on the body are noticeable. There are messages scrawled next to the body in blood. Some had attributed the deaths to yellow fever, but others cite vampires as the cause. Saint Denis lawmen announced years ago they had caught the culprit and indeed did hang Bosco Lopez, who had spent many years living in Argentina before arriving in Saint Denis by frigate.~n~

0x4129E2A3 = YOUNG MAN STONED TO DEATH.

0x4684E10C = ESTEBAN CORTEZ CAUGHT

0x5074D43B = For those feeling ill, overworked and seeking pleasure, the area of Lagras is ideal for camping, fishing and hunting. The small remote settlement in the swamps of the Bayou is teeming with fish and wildlife and for a reasonable rental, a local will act as a guide for people traveling through or angling. The settlement of Lagras is self-sufficient, earning money through fishing, guiding, or working at Hagen Orchards nearby.

0x5156FAC9 = MACHINE KILLS MAN.

0x5517C26D = No survivors have been found from this tragedy. It follows a string of similar robberies in the last few years in the lands to the west of the Grizzlies.

0x5896F352 = FEUD AT THE BRINK

0x6534A71F = After a long and bloody string of robberies throughout the region and the murders of sheriff's deputies, Esteban Cortez was finally killed. Dispatches from the area indicate he was killed near Gaptooth Breach, though at press time this couldn't be confirmed. Long sought by the Tumbleweed Sheriff's office, Cortez and his brother Ramon led an infamous gang of killers.

0x6635C67B = PRESIDENT CONGRATULATES AMERICA

0x6840AAB5 =  If such a discovery were announced, the gold markets would surely collapse, says one economist.

0x6946B573 = NOW CONTROL AREA NEAR OLD SHADY BELLE MANSION.

0x7284B475 = The guards fought them off valiantly but were overpowered and left for dead. The robbers then pilfered the coach and quickly left the area. A reward for their capture or kill has been posted.

0x7286D74B = Pike are the angry prince of most lakes and rivers. My favorite trophy Pike was caught off the coast of Ireland. Having already established a remarkable reputation, upon returning to the tiny village with a 39 inch Pike, the townspeople hallooed and escorted me to a delightful pub where a lovely girl sat on my lap and played the bodhran singing a limerick about my angling skills as her mother cooked the fish into a meal shared with everyone.

0x7341F8FE = MY COWS STRAYED.

0x7620ED69 = Fields which once flourished with locally grown foods and were used to feed the island nation suddenly switched to growing sugar cane. As a result of a single crop economy, all foodstuffs are imported, to great expense for local peoples. Foreign investors hire locals to guard and police their massive plantations, subjecting workers to harsh conditions and penalties.

0x7667D022 = Fears are prevalent that influenza spreads by letters written by those who are diseased, sending the deadly disease by post. One physician claimed Grippe attacks the higher rather than lower classes, though this claim appears to be false in nature. The disease appears to be more prevalent in milder weather, and for those afflicted, whiskey and brandy are advantageous in finding relief.

0x7823D56A = THE ART OF ANGLING~n~BY JEREMY GILL.

0x7901EA60 = WILL BE POWERED BY STEAM.

0x7942D5A9 = The project was taken over by the United States from France three years ago amongst high worker mortality rates. It is thought that the American tradition of hard work and architecture superior to that of the French will allow the grand project to be completed on time and below budget.

0x8004C462 = WAS HEADED TO PRISON.

0x8072D7F3 =  They are believed to be a group of half-breeds, mixed race outcasts, outlaw Irishmen, a Chinaman, escaped killers and rapers. They are as keen with an Apache bow as they are with a Mexican knife. Authorities have had a difficult time tracking the gang. They use cunning to cover their tracks and rarely stay in one place for very long. They are believed to have killed more innocents than the Otis Miller Boys, Butcher Brothers, and the Tallulah Jetty Gang combined.

0x8350D419 = LAWMEN ON THE HUNT.

0x8376B6C7 = BLACKWATER LOCKED DOWN

0x8428A650 = THE ART OF ANGLING~n~BY JEREMY GILL.

0x8446D63F = CORNWALL ARMY CONTRACT

0x8495A698 = New York is now one of the world's most opulent cities as titans of industry and manufacturing build vast mansions and hold fabulous balls to show their latest architectural prize. Expensive black carriages are on parade each day between four and five p.m. as the wealthy have their coachmen drive them through the Central Park as astonished onlookers watch. Enormous stores taking over an entire city block have been erected, one having 125 departments for everything from toys to telegraphy.

0x8507A8B1 = AMERICAN SOCIETY AT RISK.

0x8553AC7E = TUMBLEWEED RESIDENTS FRET AT FUTURE.

0x8589B209 = Newspaper: Seventh Edition

0x8867F3B5 = LEMOYNE RAIDERS TURNED "FREE STATERS".

0x9078AF17 = BELOVED PASTOR AMONG DEAD.

0x9347BD48 = DINOSAUR HUNT CONTINUES.

0x9481B4F8 = For many a year, man and boy alike have delighted in all manner of collectable cards included in pouches, packets and tins of tobacco. But a new set from Falcon Claw tobacco that celebrates famous gunslingers and outlaws has drawn the ire of Puritan groups. The cards honor gunslingers such as Black Belle, Jim "Boy" Calloway and even Emmet Granger, a known sadistic killer who has in recent years turned to hog fancying.

0x9494DD59 = Hailing New Hanover as a "Geological Wonderland", amateur paleontologist Deborah MacGuiness is in on the hunt, excavating several sites in the state. As fossils pour in from the Grizzlies, MacGuiness asserts that an undiscovered species of dinosaur, which she claims could fly, swim and walk, once inhabited the region in the prehistoric ages.

0x9954C010 = BANKS WORRY OF CRASH.

0x16183DE7 = BRITAIN KILLING SCORES OF DUTCH SETTLERS.

0x22166E7C = ESCAPED FROM TRAVELING SHOW

0x27111FDD = Travelers in the wild country west of Annesburg are nervous. Recently some have been warned to avoid the area entirely. Authorities are still seeking information in the disappearance of Agnes Henshaw and her two sons last month. Their wagon was found looted and there was evidence of a struggle. Rumors persist that Roanoke Ridge has been taken over by criminals who live in caves like primitive peoples, only emerging to rob and kidnap travelers.

0x27993A6C = SOCKEYE SALMON.

0x28324C6A = MUNITIONS OF WAR UNABLE TO REACH FORT.

0x41300BCE = Edmund Lowry Jr., the degenerate perpetrator behind a string of grisly murders that terrorized residents, is finally dead. Considered a likeable, mild-mannered gentleman by those he met in public, Lowry was secretly a man who murdered for pleasure, carrying out brutal killings around the area. When news of his capture and killing spread, residents breathed a collective sigh of relief, as the spate of serial killings has put the town on edge.

0x42948FC3 = Fort Riggs sits deserted these days, but the controversy surrounding it is anything but quiet. There is sharp disagreement about what happened at the former Indian internment camp forty years ago. Tribes have petitioned the courts, asserting that men, women and children were penned in like cattle. An epidemic soon spread, and most died.

0x47085E44 = LARGEMOUTH BASS.

0x49733C24 = CLIFF SCULPTURE IN GRIZZLIES.

0x52370CB1 = MONEY COULD BE BURIED.

0x55282FBC = REPLACES LARDER AND ROOT CELLAR IN HOMES.

0x58814FF2 = MAGNIFICENT SHOWER OF METEORS.

0x60384BC8 = WILDLIFE PHOTOGRAPHY EXHIBIT ENTHRALLS

0x62397E69 = WORKERS CALL FOR HIGHER PAY.

0x65966A6D = ~INPUT_FRONTEND_RB~ Next Edition

0x67716A66 = TWENTY MINERS KILLED.

0x68849FE0 = Some have accused Bronte of being involved in a syndicate that deals in smuggling and racketeering, though numerous officials vouch for him as a fine member of the local business community. They say that his Italian heritage is being held against him and that Bronte is of great benefit to the community, contributing to fundraisers for local schools as well as supporting causes to help the infirm and elderly.

0x71291A97 = BLOODY SHOOTOUT BETWEEN FAMILIES.

0x77556F89 = SHERIFFS SEARCHING FOR BOODLE.

0x82883A6E = Every day, livery worker Lance Hopkins greets new arrivals to Blackwater as their tired horses and mules who have seen many miles of travel require new shoes and salves for cuts and scrapes. He can barely keep the forge tended and lit for all work coming in each day, telling that by all accounts he has not had a day of rest or solitude in a good eight months.

0x83221CD8 = DEVOURED BY COUGARS.

0x86835AED = RELIGIOUS SECT RECRUITING.

0x89439C00 = Several sheriffs had been elected in the county and each had vowed to bring Bell to justice. One, Sheriff Brackston Hefner, finally landed Bell in jail, where he was tried and sentenced to be hanged. Two days before paying the price for his crimes he broke jail and had been at large.

0x90021E83 = The once-bustling town of Tumbleweed in Gaptooth Ridge, New Austin, is growing quiet. The shops sit mostly empty. The blacksmith is idle. The population is dwindling as wagon after wagon of families leave. Since the railroad bypassed Tumbleweed in favor of Armadillo, trade and commerce has moved away.

0x90360A71 = The shootout was fierce and several men were killed as a result. Bounty hunters had caught Macguire but were ambushed on a stretch of the Upper Montana River by confederates of the accused. Upon relating the circumstances of the escape, one lawman on the scene said that Macguire repeatedly expressed the idea of jail as no terror to him, nor the idea of death by hangman's noose.

0x97196B87 = BRAITHWAITE MANOR BURNED TO GROUND.

0x97375EC9 = Rumors that gang member Micah Bell returned to retrieve the haul still persist. The bloody days of the Van der Linde gang are the stuff of legend, appearing in pulp novels and even memorialized in popular song. Law enforcement have pledged to continue searching for Van der Linde, who still has one of the largest bounties on his head for kill or capture.

0x98892BBD = PRESIDENT CALLS FOR SEVERING TIES.

0x202762DD = The transmission was intended for shipboard radio operators at sea, especially the Navy, who have taken to the new technology for daily transmissions of time signals and weather reports via Morse Code. The scientists working on the radio experiment hail it as a new dawn in entertainment and foresee a day where bible devotionals and hymns are transmitted into the home for families to enjoy.

0x243494CB = Gone is the New Austin Northern Railroad. Long forgotten is the Armadillo Express Railroad. Only the oldest among us remembers the Valentine Valley Railway. As each year passes, dozens of railway companies are formed, combine, and break up, the signs changed, the schedules printed anew, and the names are lost to history.

0x248167B9 = Thieves, in the midst of robbing the Saint Denis Trolley Station, were surprised by police and a vicious gun battle ensued across large tracts of the city. Shots rang out for a considerable period and residents fled the area. Their options limited by the bravery of our police officers, the robbers managed to hijack a trolley and head out onto the streets of Saint Denis, striking fear into street goers and shattering windows and personal property as they exchanged gunfire with the law.

0x253136E2 = MYSTERIOUS PAINTINGS.

0x274956D9 = While she was singing, he snuck into the back of the wagon and stole her prized possessions and a great deal of currency.~n~Upon making her report to the local magistrate, she chastised him for not hunting down nefarious elements in the region and allowing wanton robbery and thieving. Mrs. Damsen had recently returned from her performances in New York, which received very mixed reviews, which she blamed on the orchestra wandering off-key and on the viciousness of the New York press.

0x285614CD = The Bank of Valentine has been robbed by an outlaw gang thought to be responsible for several recent holdups and a spate of violence. The bank's manager was distracted by a female accomplice of the gang, then forced to open the vault. The safes were cracked and it is believed that several thousand dollars in cash, notes and commercial papers were taken or destroyed. The gang tried to sneak out of town but was soon ensnared in a gun battle.

0x352086DC = FROM COMMODITIES TO THE CARIBBEAN.

0x371052D3 = ON OUTLAW GANGS: "WE MUST STOP THEM".

0x406740EE = The once apparently misunderstood artist has enjoyed and relished his newfound fame after years of toil, spending time dancing with society women, enjoying cocktails and spending lavishly, and has become a prominent fixture on the New York social circuit.

0x455737EF = MURDER DEN DISCOVERED

0x656302A2 = General Edwin Forsythe praised a large assembly of troops in Washington DC yesterday, citing their quick victory over the Spanish in as little as ten weeks. He said there is no larger might in the world than the United States Army and Navy. "The Treaty of Paris stands as proof that no country dare challenge the United States. Our men fight strong and brave and for God and Country."

0x752451FF = RADIO MIRACLE.

0x770395ED = THE ART OF ANGLING~n~BY JEREMY GILL.

0x873766F1 = Since the wife of King Henry II of France enforced a ban on thick waists at court attendance, the corset has remained in high fashion for all who can afford it. Using exotic lace and stays and whalebones and metal supports, much cherished local artisan Algernon Wasp fashions striking corsets at his world renowned workshop and greenhouse in the Mansion District of Saint Denis.

0x918144DC = WOMEN SHOULD KEEP SILENCE.

0x940194DD = NOTORIOUS BAD MAN ALIVE

0x948676B1 = McKnight also helped to rebuild Saint Denis after the Civil War, an act that prompted the city to build a statue in his honor. Critics contend McKnight is an opportunist and carpetbagger who has repeatedly benefitted greatly from catastrophe and economic crisis.

0x970054CF = Miss Crenshaw is now one of many people who have been poisoned by Allbright's so called miracle cures. Tales have poured in after each town he visited – with purchasers feeling sickly and, usually, far worse than their original condition they sought to cure.~n~Allbright was finally captured and brought into the Office of Valentine's Sheriff by a bounty hunter who is rumored to be a family member or friend of someone poisoned by Allbright's hideous concoctions.

0x982339BF = Yet despite a concentrated effort by Rangers, Pinkertons and local law enforcement to bring Bell to heel, it appears as if he was completely taken by surprise by former gang members who have long accused him of treachery and theft of the ill-gotten gains from the Blackwater Robbery in 1899. Bell was without a doubt the most desperate outlaw at large in the area, striking terror into the hearts of carriage and stagecoach riders who have long feared his murderous reputation.

0x2611645E = The gruesome murder of prominent industrialist Leviticus Cornwall has shocked the country. Members of Congress have called for a special investigation into what is being billed by concerned police as an assassination. Arriving via boat for a business meeting in Annesburg, Cornwall was set upon by assassins who killed him stone dead. The worried authorities worked in vain to trail the violent murderers, who fled after a dangerous gun battle.

0x3585526F = ASKS TO MAKE LAW EVICTING IMMIGRANTS PERMANENT.

0x3790871A = CITY STILL REELING AFTER EARTHQUAKE THAT KILLED 3,000.

0x4009168B = They were discovered mid-heist and a spectacular gun battle ensued. Numerous guards were killed and others gravely wounded as the unscrupulous bandits fled. Local law enforcement do not have any leads or motives but report to be forming organized posses and militias to comb the surrounding area.

0x4170931E = BLOOD IN THE HEARTLANDS

0x4970615F = RINGLEADER ACROSS SEVERAL STATES

0x7588056D = The brothers and their accomplices have evaded law enforcement and sown terror throughout the region. Bounties were issued for Cortez to be brought in dead or alive. Recently his brother was captured and is sentenced to be hung.

0x7926192F = SPANISH-AMERICAN WAR OUTCOME CELEBRATED.

0x8203415B = SHERIFF GRAY KILLED.~n~MOST OF BOTH FAMILIES BELIEVED DEAD.

0x8740353F = BLIZZARD AFTERMATH IN GRIZZLIES

0x9116578A = Once a sleepy port town founded by fabled adventurer Josiah Blackwater, it is now hailed as a "Gateway to the West" as miles of track have been laid through the area, heading west to the Pacific Coast. Workers arrive to join lumber and mining outfits. Stocks are traded.

0x9362027F = More death and discomfort comes as a result of disease of the bowels, from constipation, to diarrhea to dysentery than from almost any other cause. It can reflect a disorder of the liver, kidney derangements, a dyspeptic condition of the stomach, piles, or bad blood. No person knows the discomfort and agony of bowel disease more than Harville Presley, a resident of the Valentine Hotel for more than nine years.

0x9370283B = Ministers gathered last week to denounce the claims of eccentric resident Frank Sinclair of Big Valley, West Elizabeth, who asserts he has found evidence of ancient peoples in local rock formations. He has discovered several mysterious rock carvings around the country and claim they point to a great meaning, a mystery he intends to solve.

0x15240492 = 1.1 MILLION EXPECTED THIS YEAR.

0x16097881 = Since completion of the first transcontinental railroad in 1869, the number of companies has decreased, and travel by wagon and horse becomes less and less in fashion, with more people preferring the luxury of a sleeper car. Lawmakers are beginning to investigate whether the railway consolidation has resulted in creating regional monopolies that subject riders to hefty price increases.

0x18188892 = NEW DINOSAUR DISCOVERED

0x20787618 = Giving them the vote would lead to great damage to the republic and to this state, " he said, to a standing ovation. Well-known activist Dorothea Wicklow has held meetings in St. Denis and other towns in recent months promoting voting rights for women. The movement is spreading to smaller towns such as Rhodes, but traditionalists are confident that common sense will prevail.

0x20990406 = BANK RAIDED IN BROAD DAYLIGHT.

0x27398580 = BLOOD IN THE STREETS OF VALENTINE.

0x32022083 = SEVERAL DEAD.

0x33842049 = BRIDGE BLOWN

0x40968326 = The body of Reverend Benson Floyd, the man who was implicated in the Chandler murder, was found hanging from a branch of a persimmon tree in a small hamlet in Georgia. Despite many protests of his innocence by his employer and white members of the community, a mob convicted him by a roadside here and strung him up to hang after mutilating the body.

0x44839413 = ART VALUES SOAR

0x47862717 = However, reports have begun to reach the mainland that several white men were involved in the assassination, and some are blaming a band of socialist insurrectionists who are believed to have been causing discontent across the region. These were dismissed by some locals who say tensions have grown in recent years as working conditions deteriorated, as American importers insisted on lower prices for sugar.

0x48759255 = RHODES IN PIECES.

0x57836853 =  They attach by the thousands to the inside of the intestines, sucking blood, moving from place to place and leaving bleeding wounds subject to infection. As to how the affliction takes place, there is by no means unanimity of opinion by medical men. Some think it to occur by penetration of the skin on dirt floors or fouled drinking water. The malady is especially a scourge to residents of the Philippines and Porto Rico whose residents' health and welfare we are now responsible for.

0x65558800 = BRAITHWAITES VERSUS GRAYS.

0x66935561 = BEAR ATTACKS WORRY RESIDENTS.

0x67690183 = INFLUENZA CASES WORRY PHYSICIANS.

0x91316985 = These space particles intersect with the earth, combusting into brilliant showers of light, and are thought to be residual debris from the system that produced the massive meteor that recently fell and created a sizeable crater in the area. Some have flocked to the crater claiming that the space debris has healing powers, while others claim this to be unsubstantiated and ludicrous conjecture.

0x91399600 = LIQUOR SMUGGLED INTO INDIAN TERRITORY.

0x96425356 = In New York and Saint Denis, victims of plague were confirmed, and vessels arriving were given the choice of a doctor visiting each ship or turning around. Any bodies suspected of death from the disease should be immediately burned, even if the cause of expiry is not confirmed as bubonic plague by bacteriological examination.

0x99983605 = ESTEBAN CORTEZ DEAD

0xA00AF3B1 = When not entertaining heads of state with the joyful pastime of fishing, I traipse into backwoods “cricks” and “hollers” where I meet the most delightful, simple folk who imbibe strong local spirits and gush about Redfin Pickerel. These uncouth semi-savages claim it to be the best eating fish you can find, and for that matter, the easiest to catch. They are feisty little predators that will attack a piece of cheese, and as one old-timer showed me, a piece of red cloth.

0xA0AF1317 = Those that have escaped their clutches say they have seen evidence and examples of cannibalism, and that the Murfree Brood, as they are called, are said to subsist on huckleberries and the flesh of young women and children. Others say these are the fantasies and fairy tales of people too often consumed with pulp novels and that the criminal element in the area are like any other ne'er-do-wells. Regardless, locals will not travel to the cave regions any longer, and commerce has suffered as a result.

0xA0B97840 = Many members of the tribe were gunned down in Wyoming but a few members are believed to have escaped into Canada. It is unknown what will happen to the Indian Reservation land moving forward as there are no Indians in the area to relocate there currently.

0xA1A407F5 = But the taller one, worked into desperation by the death of his companion, found his mark and Mr.Schrader was soon a corpse too. His wife Isabella stood her ground and fired at the bandits until they fled. Her younger son Isaac had been hit in the incident and soon bled to death. Travelers are warned to avoid the areas as incidents of violence, thievery and murder are increasing faster than law enforcement can pursue them.

0xA3DEA686 = ARRIVING SHIPS QUARANTINED.

0xA3F7D8FB = PRESIDENT WAXMAN HAILS PROGRESS, DISCUSSES CANAL

0xA3F8C499 = President Waxman signed an immigration act in order to prevent unsavory persons from entering the United States.

0xA4B06D82 = BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION FOUNDED

0xA5C9FF7B = ELECTRIC CHAIR ARCHITECT DIES

0xA5F2C9DA = It appears from dispatches that workers at the coal mine in the town of Annesburg are asking for twenty cents on the ton over the cost of mining it. Workers say decent wages should be paid to the men who toil to mine the coal.~n~Controversial mine owner Archibald Jameson has long argued that the mine is easily worked as there are immense stores of clear coal at very shallow depths. He says based on national market conditions he and other mine owners in the country have made almost nothing in profit for four years, in spite of substantial outlays.

0xA6ABF429 = An epidemic of bubonic plague has broken out in India and Hong Kong and spread to our troops in the Philippines. Several soldiers have died in Manila of what was called "a loathsome disease." Despite the best efforts in sanitary science to stamp it out, the plague appears to have resurfaced in this country.

0xA6C6C766 = EVIDENCE OF ANCIENT MYSTERY DISCOVERED

0xA7A41579 = Voodoo dances were said to occur there, a heathenish mode of worship where fanatics wail and perform rituals often involving blood and animals.

0xA8AAC4D6 = Comprised of half-breeds and mixed race outcasts, the cunning gang became adept at outwitting lawmen and covering their tracks. While Otis has been killed, others remain at large.

0xA8C34EF5 = MAN MAULED BY MASSIVE ALLIGATOR.

0xA9BFF131 = SECRET SERVICE VETERANS JOIN STAFF.

0xA38B7A67 = A guide for the day is not only pleasurable, but practical, as reports of aggressive alligator attacks have resulted in their services being in high demand.

0xA50AC2DF = President Alfred Macalister signed the Tariff Act last week, raising custom duties by an average of 60 per cent. Shopkeepers and traders said the tariffs will surely cause business to close and prices to skyrocket. Imported woolen products now face a 90 per cent rate. The President asserted at the signing that tariffs result in national prosperity.

0xA60DEDDF = COUNTRY PLUNGES INTO THE BLACKEST GLOOM.

0xA97A611E = The first day's synod of Virginia was spent with devotional exercises led by Reverend T.M. Spriggs, speaking on giving the work of God to all people. His committee was tasked last year to study the scriptural position of women in the home and church and their duties and came to some unsurprising conclusions. Order remains heaven's first law, and it necessitates the due subordination of the ruled to the ruler.

0xA137B95D = The symptoms also point to lead poisoning similar to those seen in plumbers and painters, with victims becoming unusually pale and weak. The eponymously named creek and Elysian Pool are polluted, though residents will not seek action against the mining company, and are instead seeking a spiritual solution to their problems.

0xA277DDF1 = KIDNAPPERS AT LARGE

0xA551F986 = Another enters through the roots and destroys it from within. It is not known what type of fungus is in Roanoke Ridge, however it is probably an imported blight brought to the area by a traveler who carried the spores with them on camping implements or supplies.

0xA949C4D0 = They even opened a church in my honor. If you plan on catching a Northern Pike as they are called here, try a river lure when it is a bit dull outside. You know, I think of that delightful Irish maiden every time I fish the Grizzlies.

0xA5912E07 = QUEST FOR INDEPENDENCE.

0xA5970ED8 = SNOWMELT WORRIES THOSE IN FLOOD PRONE AREA.

0xA54908BC = VIOLENT ROBBERIES.

0xA5038058 = WANTED FOR BLACKWATER ROBBERY.

0xAA0C2FD3 = Visited by numerous physicians and specialists, Mr. Presley scarcely leaves his residence at the hotel, one that he made permanent years ago once the onset of the disease began.~n~The son of a wealthy mining family, Mr. Presley took refuge in the Valentine Hotel, feeling pain after eating at a church potluck supper.

0xAA0E7B12 = Newspaper: Ninth Edition

0xAAC8709C = AUTHOR TROUBLED BY HYPOCRISY.

0xAB47F531 = MIXING OF RACES DISCOURAGED.

0xAB93D74D = RIVERBOAT GRAND KORRIGAN

0xAB388652 = NO OIL FOUND AT WAPITI.

0xABCC7355 = WARNINGS OF ROANOKE RIDGE

0xAC4F4255 = It is clear to me that some societies advance, taming agriculture, mastering letters and literature, inventing fantastical things such as the phonograph or electricity while others wallow in squalor, scarcely able to feed and clothe themselves. It comes down to the nature of the savage soul. Savages cannot construct buildings that rise to the heavens, but we have, MacDougal said in an agitated and excited manner.

0xAC33F6C3 = A dispatch from the Saint Denis Constable reports that the statue of General Quincy Harris was defaced in a craven act. The hero of the War of Northern Aggression saw his bravest men cut down in front of his eyes at the Battle of Scarlett Meadows in 1864. The word "coward" appeared on the statue, no doubt placed there by the handful of ill-advised citizens who seek to tarnish the name of a General that historians agree was a courageous military man.

0xAC67CDEC = The snowmelt is coming quickly with the seasonable warmth, which worries many that rivers downstream will swell and burst their banks, as happened in the late spring snowstorms of '83. Planting season is also reportedly delayed, as many areas are too muddy for work animals to work a plow.

0xAC317096 = Valentine wrestles with its own homegrown religious movement. They claim the true Bible was handed down 100 years ago "to our great prophet from above." Local religious leaders warn this blasphemy threatens the future of the region and indeed the country.~n~The Chelonians hold the turtle to be sacred and consider them ancient holy animals to never be harmed. Protesters were seen holding signs with a turtle that had been crossed out.

0xAE5CE29C = HE DREW A BIG REVOLVER

0xAE61733E = A peaceful night was split in two as explosions rocked Cornwall Kerosene & Tar in the heartlands of New Hanover. In the ensuing chaos, a gang of criminals breached the perimeter and headed towards the office safe. According to the foreman, the robbers were not interested in stealing cash. Instead they sought important business documents from the safe.

0xAF5B0D68 = VALENTINE INSTITUTION RECOVERING

0xAF5D3D22 = FINLEY MOST WANTED MAN IN COUNTRY.

0xAF9A078C = Shortly after the robbery, the train was set in motion without a driver or crew, barreling dangerously through the area at a high rate of speed. The train was eventually brought to a stop by engineers and lawmen north of Annesburg, who reported a scene of violent struggle and bloody carnage on board.

0xAF55B14A = CITE GROWTH OF LARGE OPERATIONS.

0xAF7487E0 = CONTAMINATION

0xAFA0171B = After the procession, reporters asked Mr. Forsythe about the recent problems with corrupt regiments including those at West Ridge, some in Hawaii and, some argue, Fort Wallace in our region. Forsythe indicated that these were extremely isolated incidents that occur when decentralized regiments operate in remote areas. However, he said that the vast majority of men who serve in the United States Army are honest and true.

0xB0DE660A = It is powered by petrol or paraffin which heats up boiling water into steam that runs the contraption and allows the spinning blades to slice through the grass. McKinnroy said his invention means that on a hot summer day a man can clear his lot easily, pushing the machine around as it billows out steam and slices each blade of grass effortlessly.

0xB0F6CAB3 = This year's affair promises to be the biggest celebration yet, with musicians playing, people dancing, and the evening culminating in a fireworks display that is sure to be the grandest spectacle of the year. Onlookers are expected to gather to catch a glimpse of the beautiful and splendid guests.

0xB0F2587F = PECK'S FLYING MACHINE CRASHES.

0xB1B8878E = PUMP JACKS SIT SILENT

0xB1F263A5 = CHAIN PICKEREL.

0xB2BFA16A = THE ART OF ANGLING~n~BY JEREMY GILL.

0xB2E618F2 = ARMY IN AMBARINO ON EDGE.

0xB3D25008 = The eclectic roster of high-profile guests included the industrialist Archibald Jameson, war hero Major Hobart Crawley, the banker Gilbert Knightly, and proprietor of the Saint Denis Times Tribune Hector Fellowes. Also, somewhat controversially, in attendance was Angelo Bronte, a generous benefactor to the city of Saint Denis but also believed to have ties to unsavory business interests.

0xB6DA7CE5 = The feud between old plantation families, the Grays and the Braithwaites, began almost a century ago and has come to a head on the streets of Rhodes in a bloody shootout. Most of the Gray family, including Sheriff Leigh Gray, perished in the ambush as the streets pooled with blood. Witnesses at the scene of the battle say bodies littered the streets. Soon after, apparently in bitter reprisal, several men stormed Braithwaite Manor, executing everyone inside.

0xB6EADA83 = BETRAYAL ENDS HIS MURDERS.

0xB6FE829E = In cold streams, and particularly in the Grizzlies, salmon will strike river lures and are possibly the best tasting fish you can bring home for supper. They are so plentiful you may take as many as you like with no consequence. Happy casting.

0xB7A81A90 = ALLOWED TO SING BUT NOT SPEAK IN CHURCH.

0xB7BE60E9 = REVEREND SWANSON LEADS NY CHURCH

0xB7D2FCDE = Indian discontent has taken many forms and many say it is poised to boil over once more. The ungrateful Indian can wax poetic about a time when all land was his, and grumble about his limited quarters confined to reservations all he wants, but the facts are the facts. The United States of America has been particularly generous to the red man, and yet, they repeatedly claim mistreatment.

0xB8F82017 = The Pinkerton Detective Agency has been enlisted in the hunt for several notorious highwaymen and gangs responsible for the recent violence and unrest in the Roanoke Ridge region of New Hanover. At a recent town hall meeting, citizens shouted over one another, demanding an end to the lawlessness. In recent years gangs have terrorized not only individuals but entire communities, murdering women, children, and the elderly.

0xB9CFD463 = MURDER OR MYTH?

0xB18E0369 = COACH AMBUSHED

0xB27EA56F = BIG VALLEY GROWS DANGEROUS.

0xB50E0558 = While it is surely a delightful social life discussing philosophy while watching regattas or in mansions with fashionable people, it is this newspaper's opinion that at the heart of Mr. Miller's writings is a basic disdain for "others" who due to social position have not achieved his level of enlightenment. He, like others of his kind, is a dandy and fraud masquerading as a man of nature and the arts. We as a people can do better than to worship this false idol.

0xB55DE24C = CRIMINAL MISCHIEF RUNNING RAMPANT.

0xB66C6059 = Brutal murderer Otis Skinner is finally dead and residents of Blackwater and the surrounding region are breathing a sigh of relief. Otis and his brother led a ragtag bunch of criminals who collectively called themselves The Skinner Brothers and are responsible for deaths, dismemberments, robberies and kidnappings. Known for taking gruesome trophies and mutilating victims, the Skinner Brothers Gang was wanted in several states and has evaded capture for years.

0xB66EF11E = HIGH SOCIETY ON DISPLAY.

0xB71DF9ED = HIPPOCRATIC FAKERS PLAGUING SMALL CITIES.

0xB75F3F01 = BANK BOAT HEIST LARGEST ROBBERY IN YEARS.~n~DUTCH'S BOYS ACCUSED. BOUNTIES PLACED.

0xB78D9CB4 = President Alfred Macalister congratulated the American people and their response to the call to arms as North and South joined together to defeat Spain, saying that Spain is no longer a power, and the United States stands as the strongest nation in the western hemisphere. The "splendid little war" saw the U.S. Navy defeat the Spanish fleet in a mere few hours. Not one American life was lost in that skirmish, proving what Macalister says is "testament to the glory and perseverance of America."

0xB101DF6E = The device would allow the grocer or butcher to preserve meats and fish at a constant temperature and no longer worry about spoilage due to inclement weather.

0xB198F89C = ESCAPEES FLEE VIA BOAT.

0xB220A305 = O'DRISCOLL CAPTURED

0xB246FC97 = Business leaders in the United States speak warmly of Mr. Fussar as a kind and effective leader who brought peace and prosperity to the region, supported workers' rights, and took a particular interest in the lot of women on the island. American businesses have done a great deal of trade with him in sugar and saw him as a progressive leader and humanitarian.~n~It was initially believed that the murder was led by a revolt of the plantation workers who process the sugar.

0xB578B122 = Lakay was a bustling settlement teeming with fish, wildlife, and people who came to make a life there. Today it sits abandoned since the massive shootout between outlaws and Pinkertons in 1899. Located in the swamps of Bayou Nwa, North of Saint Denis, the site was used as a gang hideout in the past. Locals are said to avoid Lakay entirely, saying that it is under some voodoo curse and that any who enter are plagued with bad luck and disease.

0xB605F4F7 = TRAVELERS SAID TO DISAPPEAR.

0xB990E38E = CHURCH OFFICIALS DENOUNCE CLAIM.

0xB6660B27 = The battle that day was hectic and a scene of carnage, with conflicting accounts soon discredited, and General Harris is remembered as one who never turned coat in the face of adversity.

0xB76639C7 = He was given $25,000 for the project. His experiments have inspired many science minded lads. Professor Peck says the Smithsonian recently received a detailed letter from the Wright Cycle Company, a bicycle manufacturing outfit from Ohio that requested publications about aeronautics, planning experiments of their own.

0xB243519F = Second Lieutenant Lawrence Hasenkamp was stationed at Fort Wallace when his convoy was ambushed by a band of bloodthirsty feral Indians and sympathizers. His comrades were overtaken. Hasenkamp fled and was pursued, running for his life, when he came to the edge of a cliff. An outlaw was poised to kill Hasenkamp and throw his body into the ravine when he reconsidered and gave him a second chance.

0xB448979C = SEARCH CONTINUES FOR ROBBERS

0xB665129A = GENERATES A TIDY PROFIT.

0xB5240695 = SPEED RECORD BROKEN.

0xBAA2EE8B = I'm no Catholic, but even I was impressed by His Holiness's wisdom and insight and we remain firm friends to this day. Often he writes to me about spiritual matters. Which brings me back to pickerel. While drawn by spinning lures in sunny weather, pickerel are a bony fish and often overlooked. But fight with this predatory fish in Big Valley for an afternoon and upon relaxing with an aperitif you will marvel at the deadness of your arm from reeling, with or without a prominent Catholic cleric at your side.

0xBB3D9233 = In a prepared speech at the gallery, Mr. Mason said he is humble in his achievements, had some harrowing close calls, and told attendees it is remarkable he survived to publish the photos. He expressed hope that Americans in the future will pursue wild animals with a camera and flash bulb rather than a hunting rifle.

0xBB619DB8 = Newspaper: Third Edition

0xBB1523BA = THE WORLD'S GRANDEST.

0xBBCB6A95 =  Indeed fishing once helped me stop a major European land war, but that's another story, for another day. Catfish care not a jot for major battles, averted or otherwise. My next challenge - catching a monster sized Channel Catfish. They love muddy waters and prefer crayfish over other baits. Fish in overcast weather - these mysteries of the deep detest the sun, much like our British counterparts. Happy hunting!

0xBBE73268 = RAILWAY COMPANIES BOOMING

0xBBF488DF = Members of the Blackwater Athletics Club are still missing and their friends and family are excited by the gravest fears. They were last seen leaving the north edge of town for a group athletics run and, although the most thorough search has been made for them, they cannot be found. Certain facts around their disappearance have given cause for suspicion. The affair has created a sensation in Blackwater and the surrounding community. They had departed on a run and had intended to return the same evening.

0xBC78AB59 = DARING COACH ROBBERY

0xBC9186DE =  The Mayor's assistant Jean Marc Mercier has assumed the post and vowed to press on with the programs with a new spirit of transparency and principle in honor of the work begun by Lemieux.

0xBCB065B0 = McDaniels, convicted of murder, bigamy and immoral animal husbandry, did not deserve such a barbaric end, according to the Saint Denis Chief of Police who said the city will return to using the gallows as means of execution for the foreseeable future.

0xBCBD1472 = BLACKWATER ATHLETICS TEAM MISSING

0xBCCF158A = WAR BREWING IN EUROPE.

0xBD8FA214 = Newspaper: Fourth Edition

0xBD9FD1E8 = CITES ROBBERIES.

0xBD511A83 = THE ART OF ANGLING~n~BY JEREMY GILL.

0xBD816F33 = INSURRECTION AGAINST UNITED STATES GROWS.

0xBDA1A9F5 = THIEVES CRACKED SAFES

0xBDE0408E = A lot of nefarious souls roam the streets and alleys of the Saint Denis slums, but to some, Anthony Foreman is a hero. As the leader of crimes committed across several states, tales of his exploits widely circulated. He often held court in the saloon, wooing ladies and cheating at cards, daring any man to top his stories of daring crimes committed with impunity.

0xBEA0E6F8 =  The Professor of Anthropology at Yale has dedicated his academic focus to the study of race and civilization. ~n~His paper was soundly thrashed by his colleague Benjamin Fortescue who asserted that MacDougal has no empirical evidence to support his wild claims.

0xBEAE2B28 = Ellie Anne Swan charmed many a man with her silver tongue and handsome figure. But those who courted her were rewarded with a kiss of death. Wanted for the deaths of several men, including her husband, Swan became known as The Black Widow. While it isn't known what caused her to turn on her suitors, it is known that her spree of killing has come to an end.

0xBEB3F06F = A ROTTING JEWEL.

0xBF2FA03E = ~INPUT_FRONTEND_CANCEL~ Close

0xBF7C0400 = DRIVER, GUARDS DEAD

0xBF7D84B2 = SKINNER BROTHERS.

0xBF34E72F = The annual event is a highlight of the year and many yearn to take part, as the women wear spectacular dresses and the men carry pocket watches and other fine accoutrements worth a year's salary for most working folk.

0xBF5462AC = THE ART OF ANGLING~n~BY JEREMY GILL.

0xBF931290 = A TOWN OF GHOSTS.

0xBFBF2C37 = AS CHARLATANS PEDDLE MARVELOUS CLAIMS.

0xC0129E97 = WORRIES INTENSIFY OF PLAGUE.

0xC0AF6384 = They speak frequently of freedom and independence, yet there have been numerous reports of robberies from government institutions and citizens themselves.~n~Current dispatches indicate they have taken up refuge in locations in the swamps and bayous in the lowland country, and many lawmen and bounty hunters are apprehensive to approach the area. Some have said it will take a massive amount of force to bring this murderous gang to heel.

0xC1A63257 = ASSAILANTS FLEE, BURN BARN

0xC1B330FF = Overall only 300 Americans lost their lives in the war, while the other side reported thousands of dead at the hands of our brave boys.~n~He especially made mention of Colonel Thaddeus Waxman and his Rough Riders, the cavalry troop that took San Juan Hill in Guarma, becoming a national hero in the process.

0xC2A70BD6 = WEALTHY ATTEND ANNUAL SOIREE.

0xC3D74878 = The Rhodes Sheriff received a tip that Johnson had settled down and was hiding in plain sight. A bounty hunter captured and turned him in. Johnson is in the Rhodes jail awaiting trial.

0xC4B8D9B4 = FURNISHES A SENSATION AMONG RESIDENTS.

0xC4D8C705 = Finley has evaded capture multiple times and is adept at wearing disguises, often hiding in plain sight of the law who are so furiously seeking him. Any that encounter Finley are highly cautioned as he is desperate.

0xC5CD0AF6 = MAYOR'S GALA WAS GRAND

0xC5F07ABD = ARMY/PINKERTONS JOIN FORCES.

0xC7A10633 = GANG MEMBERS STILL AT LARGE.

0xC7F38BA9 = SUBMARINE IN THE WORKS

0xC8D22645 = Last year while fishing in the Alaskan territories, I soon discovered that a family of bears was fishing too, and one particularly angry Kodiak took exception to my overwhelming success of pulling dozens of Sockeye Salmon out of the water. I could not blame him; however, now his head sits sentry above my foyer with a salmon in its mouth, a testament to the hunter becoming the hunted.

0xC8DD46C7 = MICAH BELL KILLED

0xC8EBD680 = Highway robbery and murder have become a daily affair once more to those traveling near Tall Trees, Hennigan's Stead, Armadillo or Tumbleweed. Huntington Schrader and his wife and two boys were traveling by wagon when they were held up by heavily armed bandits, believed to be members of the notorious Del Lobo gang. Mr.Schrader opened fire and the shorter of the bandits was soon a corpse.

0xC20F115A = However, there is nothing preventing any citizen of the United States from leaving, and so too should the red man consider leaving for Europe, or Canada, or more likely, Mexico, which does not impose tax or laws on times of season in which one can hunt game.~n~Currently, most full-blooded Indians are quite content to accept the very generous allowance given by the U. S. Government. Yet there are still some tribes who prefer conflict as their warring nature cannot leave their system.

0xC21C375E = FEARS OF RETURN TO INDIAN WAR.

0xC25F6CF3 = WEEKLY ROUND UP.

0xC25FEEC4 = Sean Macguire, a member of the notorious Dutch van der Linde's gang, has escaped from custody. Macguire was captured and in the process of being transported from Blackwater to a federal prison in the west. He is a part of Van der Linde's gang who were responsible for the recent Blackwater boat robbery that left many dead.

0xC29B65F7 = SNAKE OIL SALESMAN POISONED MANY.

0xC31E787E = Steam powered automobiles are all the rage these days. Shovel in some coal, light the pilot, fill up the boiler with water, and in 20-30 minutes you are able to motor on out to your destination.

0xC35A995F = WATER UNDRINKABLE

0xC35CCCDC = A statewide manhunt is under way in Lemoyne for the Anderson Boys, the brutal and bloodthirsty gang who have taken to kidnapping and ransoming locals. Led by Anders Anderson, the outlaws are responsible for a spate of violent attacks and kidnapping in the region over the past five years. Fear has run rampant as word spread that ransoms were paid in the sum of over $2,000, and yet two of the three men kidnapped were badly tortured and maimed for life.

0xC46D96F7 = OWNER SAYS MINE UNPROFITABLE.

0xC58FF383 = The annual high society gala thrown by Saint Denis Mayor Henri Lemieux at his mansion this year went late into the night with champagne flowing, a string quartet serenading guests, and fireworks filling the night skies.

0xC64D2B1F = WORLD'S FASTEST STEAM POWERED CAR.

0xC70D8697 = CITES QUICK VICTORY IN SPANISH AMERICAN WAR.

0xC99BA5E1 = BIZARRE SICKNESS SPREADS

0xC99FA435 = Their friends are making a diligent search and police in neighboring areas have been notified. At first, there were rumors they had been kidnapped by Indians, however this appears to be false as no tribes have engaged in theft of livestock or kidnapping in some years. ~n~The Blackwater Athletics team were training for a competitive meet next month and were expected to take top honors in fencing, wrestling, and baseball.

0xC374F402 = That moment changed his life forever. He left the service and has opened a shelter for widows, who are cared for by his wife and family. "God saved me, now I do his work," he said.

0xC419B190 = Around many a family piano and campfire, they sing the famous song:~n~Otis Miller was a lad that killed many a man ~n~He robbed the Lannahechee train ~n~But that cowardly killer that shot Mr. Miller ~n~Has laid ol' Otis in his grave ~n~Otis Miller Jr. was only six years old at the time his outlaw father was killed by a fellow outlaw. He then grew up to find himself arrested last year for the holdup and dynamiting of a Pacific Union train.

0xC988D984 = ON THE RUN SEVEN YEARS.

0xC1368BD9 = After an altercation with the Sheriff of Valentine, Lowry was killed. Law enforcement officials later discovered his dilapidated murder den under a ruined shack outside of the town limits.

0xC6554AE9 = It features the ease and convenience of a large gasoline powered combustion engine. Rivington showed the device at a state fairground in California to the delight of many mothers in attendance who tried the invention for themselves. Safe and easy to use, he said the sound of the gasoline engine becomes relaxing, and can even be used to clean the baby's room while she sleeps soundly in her crib.

0xC46733CE = CIRCUS DELIGHTS YOUNG AND OLD.

0xC53619A0 =  The historic plantation house was then burned to the ground. The fire could be seen for miles as locals rushed to the scene to find out what had happened. Officials do not know how many perished and will need to spend several days searching the ruins to determine the exact number.~n~Almost all of the Braithwaite family are believed dead, although some family members remain unaccounted for and some were believed out of town.

0xC76781B1 = As a world-famous master of both rod and pen, it often troubles me to see this fascination with factories and machines. They can dull the senses. I have long prided myself as a fisherman free from exhibitions of vanity and self-conceit, which is why I am often asked to lecture on my extensive travels sharing the successes of my uncanny ability to catch any fish, and also on spiritual, romantic and economic matters.

0xC78508C7 = For years the widow had collected her fortune, a vocal skeptic of banks and their frequent failings. Her bank notes were always squirreled away, far from the prying eyes of friends or family. As she searched her home for the source of the sounds, she, full of dread, lifted the floorboard where she had stored her years of earnings, only to find a rat's nest, made cozy with the chewed up remains of her savings, a total of $250 in bank notes and bonds.

0xC922734D = Raccoon and possum hunting is a great sport for young boys.~n~~n~Theodore and Maude Hammond are better as of this writing after the wagon accident last month.~n~~n~Cecil, son of Mattie Hubert, is battling chills and biliousness.~n~~n~Some boys up on the hill loaded up on mean corn whisky and held a jubilee last weekend.~n~~n~On account of illness, Rev. T Virgil Gosnell failed to meet his appointment to speak at the service of Imma Jean Minson.~n~~n~Electric lights are beginning to show up in cities across America.~n~~n~

0xC1654479 = RAILROAD TAKEOVER COMPLETE.

0xC9568473 = MANY IN OPPOSITION.

0xCA8A2887 = Tightrope daredevil Besse Adair is preparing for her greatest feat yet – walking across Pike's Basin in New Austin. Known for her death-defying feats in the St. Denis circus, she has spent the past weeks meticulously training for her bold attempt. Adair plans a grand event next month to celebrate the tightrope walk, with a precise date to be determined.

0xCAA60F82 = REFRIGERATING MACHINE INVENTED.

0xCAC5F2C1 = INVENTOR PATENTS MOTORIZED CARPET SWEEPER.

0xCAEE5AEA = THE ART OF ANGLING~n~BY JEREMY GILL.

0xCB45E3B4 = OPERA SINGER ROBBED

0xCB63CE71 = BULLHEAD CATFISH.

0xCB676F76 = Paintings discovered on rocks and boulders in Big Valley have given rise to speculation that they were crafted by ancient peoples. While geologists have expressed the opinion that ancient peoples once lived in the area, others claim that the drawings are simply the work of locals in the nearby town of Strawberry intent on sowing confusion.

0xCBA3B856 = WIDOW'S LIFE SAVINGS CHEWED UP BY RATS.

0xCBA8B43F = High rollers, debutantes and card sharks will be welcomed on board the Grand Korrigan Riverboat in a series of high stakes gambling nights, arranged to stimulate the tourist industry in town. Moored in Saint Denis, the Grand Korrigan is said to be the most opulent riverboat of its kind still in operation, and those who have spent days of travel aboard said they scarcely wanted to disembark once reaching their destination.

0xCBC234DF = MANY DEAD OR DYING

0xCC2F3F46 = GUARMA ISLAND SUGAR BOOM

0xCC2421CD = CIGARETTE CARDS GIVE FAME TO MURDERERS

0xCCC075F4 = Having heard reports of rampant sickness and disease at Butcher Creek, a Gazette reporter was dispatched to investigate. Away up in Roanoke Ridge on the Kamassa River, Butcher Creek once boomed with business, fur trading and timber work. Today it is a very different story. What remains of the small settlement has been overtaken with paranoia. Outsiders are greeted with suspiciousness and sometimes violence.

0xCCD627E9 = States such as California have set their own restrictions and some are calling for mandatory repatriation of all Chinese workers already here. Many Chinese are faced with the decision to stay in the United States or return to China to be with their families, whom they may never again see in their lifetime due to the ban on immigration.~n~Upon its renewal, Senator Lancing from New York called the act "nothing less than the legalization of racial discrimination." He was shouted down by a majority of senators, who support the ban.

0xCCE9713A = A GRAND PROJECT

0xCCF0D036 = CRIME ON THE RISE.

0xCD651DC8 = FOREIGN WORKERS HARMFUL TO WAGES, ECONOMY.

0xCE12B346 = MAN EXPOSES MEDICAL FRAUDS

0xCF70FA4B = Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Eberhardt were heading from Boston to San Francisco by vehicle Thursday and met a terrible accident as hundreds waited hours in the streets for their arrival in Stamford, Connecticut, to see an automobile for the first time. The couple was taking a much celebrated drive across the United States, seldom accomplished, as onlookers in each town stopped to see a horseless carriage with their very own eyes.

0xCFD646A1 = Newspaper: Fifth Edition

0xD0203CB0 = WASHBOARDS ARE RELICS.

0xD02457F7 = OVERTAKING ENTIRE FORESTS.

0xD0255351 = SCARLET FEVER RAGES IN ARMADILLO.

0xD0418D9B = AUTHORITIES SAY THEY ARE CLOSE.

0xD06D4956 = DRAMATIC DEVELOPMENTS IN STORY OF THE TRAGEDY.

0xD077D645 = THE NEW FASHIONABLE GAIETY

0xD0FC8A36 = DEAD STILL UNCLAIMED.

0xD1EF5664 = A CAUTIONARY TALE

0xD2DDFA0D = When the smoke cleared at Brandywine Drop, a score was settled and two legendary gunslingers, Slim Grant and Jim "Boy" Calloway, were dead. Gunslinger turned Marshal, Slim Grant, was shot by Calloway, who was seeking revenge for the untimely demise of his cousin, many years ago. After mortally wounding Grant, Calloway was shot in the back in a final act of cowardice.

0xD2FD65AA = Reverend Orville Swanson was inducted into his official capacity as minister at the First Congregational Church of New York this week, having moved to the city to accept the position. A service was held and then a reception was given to celebrate the appointment. Encouraging reports from attendees indicate that Reverend Swanson delivered an impassioned and heartfelt sermon about acknowledging sin and seeking redemption. He spoke about his own break from faith, a dark period when he could not attend church, falling into sin, depravity and wanton gluttony.

0xD3C5DBB6 = Labeling the elusive creature a Totalisaurus, she has devoted her life's work to unearthing the remains of the ancient animal, despite geologists saying no evidence exists in the established fossil record. Several universities have rejected her work, saying Ms. MacGuiness would be better suited to writing fiction than searching for dinosaurs.

0xD4E2B03C = CLAIM CHELONIANS COMMIT BLASPHEMY.

0xD4E51E59 = Which is why we are met with considerable dismay at the lateness of his most recent dispatch, and in fact have heard nothing from him in quite some time, which is abnormal. Mr. Gill was last heard to be fishing in Rio Bravo.

0xD5E642D0 = THE ART OF ANGLING BY JEREMY GILL.

0xD6DABBDE =  This subordination of women by divine appointment is, sadly, ignored or denied by "the women's movement." The home is the special sphere of a woman and indeed this is her throne. The church and indeed the scriptures forbid a woman to hold office or bear rule, lead prayer in a public assembly, and they command her to keep silence.

0xD7C2AD79 = A common gripe of the workers is that conditions at the Annesburg mine are exceedingly dangerous and that Jameson is a carpetbagger who moved to the area and has long been exploiting the land and people. Jameson has stated repeatedly that he is one of the largest, most generous employers in the area and that workers' organizations have always been responsible for their own safety measures.

0xD7F7B0D2 = Once a very rich woman, upon visiting my trophy room, became overwhelmed with the vapors, and matters got really rather indiscreet, but that is not a subject a gentleman ever discusses in the pages of a newspaper. Indigenous to open, flowing water, bass are finicky, preferring rain to sunshine and crawfish to lures. Once they strike, fight with all you can and do not let go. Happy fighting. It'll be well worth it, when you win a battle.

0xD8D7F9D8 = Mayor Lemieux of Saint Denis announced his assistant Jean Marc Mercier has been missing for several weeks and must now be presumed dead. Mr. Mercier worked with the Mayor to defeat organized crime and shared his criticism of the new industrialist class.

0xD16CB8E9 = MONEY BELIEVED STASHED BY OUTLAWS.

0xD41C3007 = Sisika Penitentiary is a well-known cage, filled with men who resemble wild beasts; seething, taciturn and surly. In a premeditated action, some of the striped felons broke free of their cages. The precipitated panic that ensued resulted in a gun fight with guards.

0xD44CAB0F = HIGHWAYMEN CLASH AT COACH HOLDUP

0xD44CB5D5 = Take for instance, in our region, the Wapiti Reservation in the Grizzlies where tensions with the army regiment stationed at nearby Fort Wallace are growing, and some fear an all-out return to the bloody days of the Indian Wars. Colonel Henry Favours, officer in command of the local regiment, has sent a dispatch to Washington warning of a possible return to armed hostilities as the Indians have failed to abide by treaties that we signed in good faith.

0xD65C1B55 = A sensational story has emerged from the swamps south-west of Saint Denis, where locals are known to engage in histrionic behavior. Local resident Bessie Rousseau reports that she witnessed a group of timid, cowering workers who were fearfully chattering about an apparition seen in the swamp. One of the men reluctantly took her to a remote area where a human arm can be seen emerging from the swamp.

0xD80E991A = MUSKIE.

0xD99D3EDC = AERIAL AMAZEMENT

0xD186BB5B = COULD REPEAT PANIC OF 1893.

0xD214DECE = But he did not notice until it was too late a 15-foot specimen in the underbrush, which shot out and mauled the man nearly beyond recognition.

0xD714EC64 = Bulky hand-cranked carpet sweepers may soon be relics when Thomas Rivington's invention becomes available. While in his study one afternoon, he overheard his wife and mother-in-law lament on the hardships of cleaning floors by working bellows on a carpet sweeper device. He came upon an idea and began tinkering. The result is his pneumatic carpet renovator which creates a vacuum like suction that pulls dust into a receptacle.

0xD926C73D = VALENTINE INSTITUTION IN SHAMBLES

0xD1043D44 = In some circles, they seem to prefer that the thoughts of Mr. Miller become social law. Indeed Mr. Miller spends plenty of time in the social strata where he is a topic of conversation – he is often seen at a garden party and was present at the famed Mayor's Ball in Saint Denis this year, while visiting the region on a sabbatical from his teaching job in New Haven, Connecticut.

0xD1720CA4 = SWALLOWED BY LARGE CATTLE INTERESTS.

0xD5746BB2 = Stagecoach and train robber Mark Johnson had settled down in the bayou, built a house, courted and married a woman, and had a son. But that bucolic life was shattered when his criminal past finally caught up with him. The Sheriff's Department in Rhodes reissued his bounty recently, which had languished for years. Rumors have persisted about Johnson going back well over a decade.

0xD20840FE =  The staff are famously attentive and impeccable. The cuisine is some of the finest ever experienced outside of France. The linens and millinery are all imported from Italy.~n~The high stakes gambling nights became something of a legend, with some of the biggest and richest men of industry meeting to raise, bluff, and bet incredible sums, some said to exceed the cost of a team of horses, the stable they reside in and the mansion next door.

0xD50634E4 = The Indian Problem will not solve itself. The Crow, Shoshone, Cheyenne and even the Navajo have signed treaties and been moved to very generous reservations, taking to agricultural life and the tenets of Christianity. However, those contained at the Wapiti Indian Reservation remain warlike, spurred on by their chief and his son. Military officials stationed at nearby Fort Wallace warn that armed hostilities are a distinct possibility.

0xD82433F0 = CITIZENS DEMAND END OF THREAT.

0xD451737B = VAN DER LINDE GANG CLOSE TO CAPTURE

0xDAA132B6 = REIGN OF TERROR ENDS

0xDABF48D3 = CORONER OVERWHELMED.

0xDAC58458 = Officer Henry Jenkins was found dead last Tuesday of a gunshot to the head, in what has been described as an ambush that left the veteran officer slumped forward in his outhouse near the abode that he shared with his wife of twenty years.~n~Jenkins had led an investigation against prominent local businessman Angelo Bronte, 55, who resides in a mansion on Flavian Street. Mr. Bronte has long been a supporter of local constables and law enforcement and frequently appears at social events celebrating Saint Denis politicians.

0xDAF56895 = ALCHEMIST CLAIMS GOLD CREATED FROM TIN.

0xDB7E6867 = THE STRANGE DISAPPEARANCE OF JEREMY GILL.

0xDBFBED1C = Lemoyne lawmaker Abbot Bachmeier spoke at a meeting here addressing "The Woman Problem" as concerns grow over the emergent suffrage movement. "States in the North have passed laws allowing women's suffrage, to their detriment and arguably to their damnation. We cannot allow the scourge of the North and Europe to spread here. Women are the evidently weaker sex and unable to think things out coolly and calmly.

0xDCBC5049 = The Governor of California has amended the Pharmacy and Poison Act making it a crime to sell opiates of cocaine without a prescription. The new ruling was protested by several vocal advocates and users of cocaine.

0xDD78BB3B = The prospectors' names were D. Crag and J.E. Peters. A trapper in the area says he has worked there for 15 years and has not seen so many furious animals driven to madness by starvation.

0xDDAFBD5A = Floyd had been implicated by another Negro, Otto Luther, who was hanged in the Chandler murder and in a final confession said it was the preacher who had paid him to murder Chandler. Many believe this story to be a falsehood as Luther resented Rev. Floyd's chastising him for his sinful ways. In response to the lynchings, many of the 30,000 colored residents of Chicago are arranging a series of protests to be held in churches. Community leaders have called for calm and civilized discussions.

0xDE8E3E76 = Religious leaders have grown concerned with his work, worrying that others will get caught up in his fervor and heretical beliefs. "There is only one meaning and message, and that is the message of the Good Book," Reverend Sterling Morton stated during the gathering.

0xDE78676F = TOWN FOUNDED BY JOSIAH BLACKWATER SEES RAPID GROWTH.

0xDED7C1D1 = A DECIDED NOVELTY

0xDEF78BB3 = NEW YORK BECOMES LAND OF OPULENCE.

0xDF5B9979 = Bankruptcy claims are being filed by the dozens of large institutions, however, as New York banks are protecting the situation by holding money out of circulation. Congress has already promised to investigate these national banks and review their conduct, though no charges are expected.

0xDF44BF82 = After a spate of holdups by outlaw gangs across the region, US Marshals employed a coach and disguised themselves as civilians, riding along the Lannahechee River in the hopes of luring thieves out of hiding in what appeared to be a quick and easy robbery. The trap was sprung just south of Braithwaite Manor as the thieves were taken by surprise at a coach packed with US Marshals and a cacophonous gun battle ensued.

0xDF79BA41 = WOMAN SUFFRAGE DEBATE

0xDF87D0DD = COLLECTORS RAVE ON CHATENAY

0xDF744B55 = MAYOR LEMIEUX RESIGNS

0xDF757A38 = WAGON BLOCKED TRAIN.

0xDFA02752 = As part of the takeover agreement, the Pacific Union Railroad has announced plans to lay track linking West Elizabeth and New Austin in the next few years, which should greatly benefit industries seeking to expand to areas of the country that previously had only been served by coach.

0xDFA333D5 = If you have any information on his whereabouts, please do send us a notice by post.

0xE0126192 = EXPLOSION IN COAL MINE.

0xE012D323 = The Cornwall Railroad contract currently in negotiations is being hailed as a much needed boost to both the military and rural communities. Once signed, citizens and soldiers in outposts far and wide can expect on time supplies, and more importantly, payroll that shows up in a timely manner rather than a week or two late, which can hamstring families' abilities to purchase basic necessities.

0xE041B7D5 = A TALE OF TWO ROBBERIES

0xE075DB2F = After a long and bloody string of robberies throughout the region and the murders of sheriff's deputies, notorious outlaw Esteban Cortez was finally killed. Dispatches from the area indicate he was killed near Gaptooth Breach, though at press time this couldn't be confirmed. Long sought by the Tumbleweed Sheriff's office, Cortez and his brother Ramon led an infamous gang of killers.

0xE08B77FD = COACH RANSACKED

0xE09C226E = A cacophony of outrage has been building at the lawlessness that prevails in towns across the area. Numerous outlaw gangs seem to operate unchecked or unstoppable by law enforcement, rendering terrified citizens helpless. The reward for the killing or capture of infamous outlaw Micah Bell and his gang was recently increased by government officials in response to the unanimous outcry from citizens that something must be done about this murderous gang of thieves and killers.

0xE0AFCE98 = 25 MILLION IN TAX DOLLARS GIVEN.

0xE0F1A58C = Catfish respond to handmade lures, crayfish and worms. Try all three when attempting to land this simply wonderful and much maligned fish. They also need to be coaxed, not bullied. There are fantastic Bullhead Catfish near Sisika Island. If you see me angling for Bullhead, please do come say hello and ask for an autograph. Unlike the fish, I promise I won't bite.

0xE1A15472 = ARMY GENERAL PRAISES TROOPS

0xE1ADD1DD = REPORTS OF CANNIBALISM.

0xE2D21E31 = GANG HIDEOUT DISCOVERED

0xE3BE50B5 = A HORROR SHOW

0xE3CA3332 = GRIZZLIES UNDER SIEGE.

0xE6E29C69 = TRAIN ROBBED

0xE6FE3659 = SON OF FAMOUS OUTLAW FINALLY SET FREE.

0xE6FFE9B7 = The wildlife photography of Albert Mason is on view at the Fiore Collection in New York, furthering the photographer and conservationist's pledge to promote the preservation of America's remarkable but fast disappearing fauna. The beautifully captured photographs feature coyotes, wolves, wild horses, alligators, and eagles.

0xE7B82751 = AN ODD DISCOVERY.

0xE7E0E098 = WHO ARE SCARLETT MEADOWS BANDITS?

0xE9C97B1C = RAILROAD PATH BRINGS DECLINE.

0xE9C75372 = HOT CHASE FOR FUGITIVES.

0xE9F9A08C = ARMADILLO UNDER QUARANTINE.

0xE40E2852 = MAYOR LEMIEUX'S ANNUAL PARTY.

0xE44B6F8B = Newspaper: Sixth Edition

0xE48BA3D9 = Some speculate the panic on Wall Street was made to order by big capitalists in order to depress values and allow them to reap a rich harvest when the rise returns. However, some have claimed it foolishness that a banker would will a panic, likening it to a farmer wishing for a drought or a sailor praying for a typhoon. The banker, despite being opulent in wealth, thrives from stability.

0xE55B85FC = TRAIN ROBBERY CONFOUNDS LAWMEN.

0xE74B5CB4 = TIGHTROPE WALKER ATTEMPTS GREATEST FEAT YET.

0xE92E3DB1 = QUESTIONS ONCE AGAIN.

0xE110B508 = CAPTIVES FREED

0xE140B657 = LEGAL BATTLE.

0xE418D65A =  The scriptures teach what a woman may do in church, her home, or in public. She may sing in mixed-sex devotional services or in meetings of her own sex. The report was signed by all five clergymen and they remain unanimous on the woman question, as does this newspaper, which supports the natural order of things, even though we are men of science, first and foremost.

0xE670D4B0 = A man and woman assisted the escape of one felon as convicts wrenched the iron doors from their cells and a volley of bullets flew in every direction, killing convicts and guards in equal numbers. The interior was left a mass of ruins as the savages and animals were eventually rounded up and returned to their dungeons.

0xE769A91E = IMMIGRANTS FLOODING ELLIS ISLAND.

0xE892AC5A = Colm O'Driscoll was hanged in Saint Denis, ending his ruthless time on the run as the notorious outlaw and leader of the O'Driscoll Boys. The gang perpetrated numerous robberies, train holdups, and brutal murders on both sides of the Grizzlies, striking fear into residents and travelers in the area. Since the death of his outlaw brother a decade prior, Colm O'Driscoll has run with both Irish and American hoodlums willing to die for a few dollars and some whisky.

0xE3011D44 = NEW RAILROAD COMPLETED

0xE4013D8E = MURDERER ON LOOSE

0xE76790DB = QUESTIONS OF ORIGIN REMAIN.

0xE90937D9 = He has begun demonstrations showing that sufferers of rheumatism, neuralgia, rickets, dysentery and scarlet fever can be cured of their maladies by use of a simple medicinal tonic. The response has been enthusiastic, and in more than one town the local doctor taken to task for peddling fraud cures. Mr. Dickens plans in the coming years to take his message on the road and root out charlatans and purveyors of false science.

0xE4799068 = Shots rang out, and voices screamed, and then bullets sadly hushed them. Once prominent families, the fortunes of the Grays and the Braithwaites, and other once-wealthy land owners like them, have been on the wane since the war. The plantation families have been at odds since before the War of the States, claiming some mutual theft of gold or property over a century ago, a motive of which nobody can claim reliability to this day.

0xEA5D3982 = Eagle Flies is the son of Rains Fall, a chief of the disruptive tribe that makes up most of the population at the Wapiti Indian Reservation. The tribe has become unmanageable and more obstinate at every punishment handed down and treaty broken. Colonel Favours, who supervises Fort Wallace, has vowed swift and unrelenting measures to control the Indian problem in the region.

0xEAB6C056 = SMALL FARMS DISAPPEARING

0xEAD43537 = Violent, sneaky and dangerous, they communicate with savage grunts and clicks, and according to one man who fought them off, they behave as savage beasts. Travel is discouraged.

0xEAF479CC = DYNAMITE STOLEN

0xEBCAB08B = THE IMPROVED APPARATUS LESS SUCCESSFUL THAN ORIGINAL.

0xEC35A62F = PRIVATE BALLS ABOUND.

0xEC709E4C = I recommend you use a spinner or man-made lure during overcast weather - you'll land a fish far more delicious than this Germanic monstrosity could ever know. Once considered a nuisance fish, they are remarkably delicious. Try the Lannahechee River Delta. I caught and cooked a sturgeon for the King of Prussia there. So, my tales of Germans and sturgeon come full circle. Happy casting.

0xECEA0CD5 = VETERANS REMEMBER FORT BRENNAND.

0xEDB5D249 = Ross served for many years as a senior agent with the Pinkerton Detective Agency under the mentorship of the late Andrew Milton and then went on to work at the National Bureau of Criminal Identification, founded by the National Chiefs of Police Union in 1896, which was tasked to record information on criminals and gangs and work with law enforcement. He has been billed as one of the most humble, innovative and honest law enforcement officers of his class, and colleagues say that Ross produces results where others fail. Upon swearing in, he stated: "I want all criminals to know that here in America, everyone will eventually pay for what they have done."

0xEDBEE085 = WOMAN WAS AMONG THEM

0xEDC4D8E4 = THE CURSE OF VALENTINE.

0xEDC871D8 = One patron indicated that the horror of the work is to blame for the behavior of the crowd, appealing to their most dour and base elements. Chatenay wasn't able to be located for comment.

0xEDF0551B = MURDER, CATTLE RUSTLING, SAFE BLOWING.

0xEE882A62 = HAS TAIL, FINS AND LEGS

0xEE672496 = EXCHANGE IN FREEFALL.

0xF0397D60 =  The Grand Korrigan has resumed the famed gambling evenings now that it is moored in the area for a few weeks in preparation of resuming luxury travel service.

0xF061E693 = The stoning created tremendous excitement, and those that gathered refused to testify or discuss the incident, to the great distress of friends and family.

0xF06D1AD2 = A HABIT AT THE MINE.

0xF0842B93 =  Miss Dupont's books are lurid and steamy and weave tales of licentiousness and thievery, love and deceit, murder and mayhem, lust and despair. It is claimed many of her tales are from the author's own torrid past, although Miss Dupont has never herself commented. It has been alleged that she once consorted with outlaws and gunslingers on the frontier. She has always been unwilling to corroborate these rumors.

0xF1C43E65 = SCORES DEAD.

0xF1D46AE9 = LARAMIE CORP OFFERING BUYOUTS.

0xF2D1C6D9 = Mr. Bell and his associates continue their spree of killing and robbing while running roughshod over law enforcement. His acts of lawlessness rival that of Van der Linde himself. They pay no debts and dynamite banks and buildings as a recreational pastime. Bell has long been a suspect in the Blackwater Bank Robbery and Strawberry massacre back in 1899 and numerous train robberies that have ended in dismemberment or death of passengers in the years since then. Little is known of Mr. Bell's origins.

0xF2F47C8E = MARK JOHNSON CAPTURED

0xF4BDCA25 = SERIAL KILLER DEAD

0xF4C8CBCE = However, the boom is undercutting the US sugar industry and resulting in the loss of American jobs. Detractors call Fussar a controversial figure who is flamboyant at times and cruel at others and has Guarma under a quasi-military rule. His security force is reportedly feared across the island, with plantation workers often working 14 hour shifts to keep up.

0xF4DA6574 = DEL LOBOS GANG FINISHED

0xF4EC6DD2 = SIMILAR TO 1860's SOUTHERN NAVY MODEL.

0xF5C2682B = The new law, which went into effect immediately, excludes "All idiots, imbeciles, feebleminded persons, epileptics, insane persons, and persons who have been insane within five years previous; persons who have had two or more attacks of insanity at any time previously; paupers; persons likely to become a public charge; professional beggars; persons afflicted with tuberculosis or with a loathsome or dangerous contagious disease; persons not comprehended within any of the foregoing excluded classes who are found to be and are certified by the examining surgeon as being mentally or physically defective, such mental or physical defect being of a nature which may affect the ability of such alien to earn a living; persons who have been convicted of or admit having committed a felony or other crime or misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; polygamists, or persons who admit their belief in the practice of polygamy, anarchists," from entering the United States.

0xF6B034D5 = Rhodes - News was received here today of a tremendous escalation of the decades-old blood feud between the Grays and Braithwaites, two prominent local families who have been arguing since long before the war. The town of Rhodes and its residents were the true victims in a fight between these powerful families. The recent altercation originated in the Rhodes Parlour House, which is owned by the Gray family. Reports say that moonshine or money was the basis of the argument.

0xF7BB4B30 = The daily plague of sharp, spasmodic gripes of the bowels soon resulted in Mr. Presley living very much like a hermit, summoning doctors and literature and trying to diagnose the cause of his maladies. For reasons of safety, his room is under quarantine and other guests are placed in lodging in other areas of the hotel, so as not to be subjected to the auditory distress of his complaints.

0xF7F396D7 = Newspaper: First Edition

0xF8B752FA = INVESTORS ALLEGE FRAUD.

0xF8DF1FE3 = A BATTLE OF BLOOD.

0xF9C7568E = RESTRICTS "IDIOTS, FEEBLEMINDED".

0xF13F4A90 = The Senate has passed a bill authorizing the final consolidation of the remaining lines previously owned by the Cornwall Southern & Eastern Railways. In a measure largely supported by officials with the Pacific Union Railroad, all trains and routes once owned by Cornwall will be consolidated and continue service under the Pacific name.

0xF16B6299 = My well-appointed study contains a plethora of mounted trophies, most notable among them countless magnificent examples of Largemouth Bass. These feisty creatures are like trained acrobats and make any keen angler's best friend and worst foe. They flash and fin and jump and leap towards the heavens, all the while the excited angler shouts with joy.

0xF22CF25F = BANKS AND STAGES HELD AT GUNPOINT.~n~COLM O'DRISCOLL, A MAN WITH A BLOODY RECORD.

0xF26F77DC = Supporters of the Cornwall plan hope there is no way for the government to back out of it.  Many have long waited for a reliable means of transporting goods and money with the outside world. This is especially true in places where roads are unfavorable or road agents are lurking to rob the payroll for the soldiers and government men who serve so dutifully. Industrialist Leviticus Cornwall's involvement and expansion plans are certainly encouraging news.

0xF32E70DA = DEL LOBOS GANG FINISHED

0xF41D0DBE = Newspaper: Twelfth Edition

0xF49A2BB6 = DEATH LURKS IN THE DUST

0xF70C8F92 = BOMBARDMENT OF THE STARS

0xF77F9853 = However, after several months in prison, it was found that the confession was fabricated and Mr. Miller was set free. The elder Miller was once the most famous bandit in the world, having in 1866 performed the first hold up and robbery of a train.

0xF84A900B = ALSO DISCUSSES BUILDING PANAMA CANAL.

0xF85F77F0 = MOVEMENT GROWS.

0xF98D5E75 = The Foreman Boys, a notorious group of mostly Negro outlaws, are once again wreaking havoc with reports of widespread rustling, robbery and kidnapping across New Hanover and Lemoyne. They are led by Anthony Foreman, a criminal who often operates out of the slums of Saint Denis. In a recent attack, a sheepherder was killed and his boy badly wounded by the gang, who proceeded to rustle the sheep and plunder the man's belongings.

0xF99BB46C = It is unknown if the bear is gravely wounded. Hunters are warned to heed caution.

0xF145D22C = ~INPUT_FRONTEND_LB~ Previous Edition

0xF337E6B9 = Out of the west comes an appalling story of the fate of two prospectors who were attacked by a pride of famished mountain lions. Due to extreme cold and snowstorms last season, cougars in the area have been made desperate from hunger. The prospectors had begun working when a band of cougars emerged and attacked, led by an albino male. Trappers later came across the spot and reported only a few bones were left.

0xF481C9C4 = Picture machine operators are in high demand and the contraptions cost quite a sum. While the first moving picture shows available were shorts of famous people, scenic views, news events and disasters, creators now are drawing pictures for each frame and then shooting them in succession, giving the appearance of movement. Popular examples are The Courtship Ritual and Beaumont the Burly, which have been selling out theaters across the country.

0xF672BF1B = Margaret is in fact Haywood Margaret, an Englishman and female stage impersonator. Upset by a dust devil outside Rhodes, the lion escaped. Distressed by the incident and death of his beloved lion, Margaret is believed to be on a packet steamer headed back to England.

0xF683AF49 = BELOVED LEADER CUT DOWN.

0xF856A3EA = PROTEST AGAINST LYNCHING OF POPULAR REVEREND IN GEORGIA.

0xF886AEDB = BOLDNESS OF FLACO'S GANG WORRIES LAW.

0xF935C617 = Once a fixture at society events in several states, he has long been accused by some as being seduced by fame, with a penchant for entertaining aristocrats in salons with his theories of the rights of man, nature, and the urges of savages. His publisher reports that they have not heard from Mr. Miller in quite some time and are not aware if he is authoring a follow up work to his bestselling books.

0xF2870D51 = Industrialist and rail magnate Leviticus Cornwall has ordered delivery of the nation's first turbine-powered steamship, a marvel of engineering from the United Kingdom. First unveiled as an experimental vessel in 1894, it was then demonstrated as the fastest ship on water.

0xF5539C62 = A MASSIVE MOTIF

0xF6597C5A = FRIENDS FEAR THEY HAVE BEEN FOULLY DEALT WITH.

0xF8094C8C = Gertrude Bambach was knitting a hat for her niece when the train lurched to a stop and shouting commenced. "I feared for my life," she said. Passengers were subjected to a terrifying ordeal as the train was robbed near the Lemoyne border.~n~Outlaws used an oil wagon on the tracks to cause the train to come to a stop. They then threatened the passengers to give up their belongings. It was then that lawmen, having been tipped off to the robbery, arrived on the scene and confronted the outlaws.

0xF8981F52 = Gangs such as the O'Driscolls have been hunted to the brink of extinction. Now officials have their sights on the Dutch van der Linde gang. A spokesperson for the Pinkerton agency believes that they are on the trail of the gang, and the unified purpose of the army, law enforcement and the agency is to bring them to heel.

0xF5436443 = Myrtle Snodgrass awoke one January night recently and moved softly from the bedside to the fireplace which had succumbed to embers. She heard a sound unlike that of the cows baying in the distance, her hound Jesse prancing in his sleep, or the wind through the chimney as the fire burned down. The sound was one of chewing. The widow had spent long days and nights in her home, with an eerie fascination in the dead silence of the night as it is punctured by the howl of a distant coyote or owl.

0xF8202940 = The saloon and local store have closed, worsening the economic outlook further. The proprietor of Emerald Ranch, Eugene Wegner, is mired in controversy about his tactics and a local scandal involving his daughter Miriam, who is rarely seen anymore.

0xFA7C5ABF = A so-called doctor needs little more than a shingle to hang above his door and various potions and concoctions to peddle to the ill, maimed and infirm, who are willing to part with their hard-earned money in hopes of prolonged health. Such is the crusade led by one man who has vowed to uncover the Hippocratic frauds who are preying on victims across the country. His name is Nigel West Dickens, a studied man of letters, botany, ornithology and the history of home medicine practiced throughout the ages.

0xFA214886 = VICIOUS ATTACK AT NIGHT.

0xFABAF01F = SOLDIERS BLOCK PASSAGE.

0xFAE11964 = I've seldom gone more than ten minutes without a fish on the line, and when I do, such is my mastery over mind as well as matter that I enjoy the time. If you're looking for a fun fish - try going for Rock Bass in clear water on a sunny day. I once reeled in over 50 Rock Bass in an hour in Tall Trees. Try it and see! It's like life, only better!

0xFB8AD6A4 = Residents in the Bayou are on edge as reports circulate of murders and robberies committed by a stealthy group of swamp dwellers commonly referred to as "night folk." Believed to be responsible for the murder of Doris Whitcomb, attacks have escalated and citizens are warned to avoid the area. These elusive swamp dwellers are thought to be a feral outpost of illiterate, interbreeding people living in deplorable conditions, devoid of even intelligible speech.

0xFB36CB29 = 'WE ARE HELPLESS'

0xFB96FEFC = Prison Governor Heston Jameson said the prisoner escaped via a waiting boat that whisked him and his accomplices away. Jameson says several days prior to the panic a flying balloon was seen high overhead, now thought to have assisted in the breakout. Several of the men confined on the island believe their sentences to be unfair as they were given multiple years for desertion during times of war. It is unknown how many died as prison officials are still putting together an official report and tally.

0xFB590005 = DUE IN ANNESBURG DAYS AGO.

0xFB664157 = The thrilling romance novel "Lady of the Manor", published under the pen name Leslie Dupont, is difficult to find in bookshops, owing to its massive popularity, especially among young girls and the elderly. Her novels have arguably been read by more people than anything that has been produced by any contemporary writer, although critics dislike her work enormously.

0xFBA192E3 = With the emancipation of slaves and acrimonious attitudes persisting after the Civil War, some worry a massive northern migration of Negro workers and farm hands could spell trouble for the region as a whole and especially towns like Rhodes.

0xFBB2023B = The management of the reservation is a cumbersome business, and the fact that issues occasionally arise is not the fault of the administration or Congress. Money is appropriated quite liberally and honestly for the care of the Indian people. The children are taught something of hygiene, fed and clothed, and given shelter. Yet still the Indians contaminate their own water and end up spreading typhoid to all and sundry.

0xFBE39765 = NIGHT FOLK TERRORIZING CITIZENS.

0xFC18C526 = SCIENTISTS EXPRESS PUZZLEMENT.

0xFCF20D94 = A FIFTH PERSON SLAIN

0xFCFB8A8F = SIMILAR TO DEATHS YEARS AGO.

0xFD6F2062 = Newspaper: Eleventh Edition

0xFD765C24 = ANTHONY FOREMAN ARRESTED

0xFDA6C520 = Any wise angler knows that a day on the water seeking muskellunge is a pleasant pastime indeed. A man can be excused for suspending brotherly love at the moment the serene calm is broken by the throbbing tug on his pole, threatening at any second to lose control.

0xFDDC3C5E = A representative for the Boles Overland Company said that it is the most daring and deadly of recent robbery attempts, with little to no concern for life and limb of the victims.

0xFE3CA5CD = At the time of his arrest, he was working on a cigar stand in the corridors of the court house where he would be tried. After a train carriage was dynamited, a suspect wrote a full confession implicating Miller Jr. as the leader of the gang, firmly believing that the officials would no doubt assume the son had taken after his father.

0xFE3F57E7 = According to officials, the roads have been in a terrible state since the rains, and the wheel and its spokes abruptly shattered, causing the automobile to fly into a ravine, flinging Mr. Eberhardt out and in front of the vehicle and breaking his neck.

0xFE28B59F = For many years, the lethargy of residents in the South was thought to be due to the "germ of laziness." It is now known that the anemia that plagues warmer climes of the United States is the direct result of a parasite that lives in the gut known as hookworm. A major outbreak occurred in 1902 in Cornish mines, and in the coal mines of France, Germany and Belgium the affliction is quite common. The worm is half an inch long and its mouth armed with teeth.

0xFE2384CE = The ferocious lightning storm the week before last caused several freak accidents. A bolt struck the house of Hector S Wilton and, having traveled along an ornamental awning, shattered a window. Three people in the room were severely shocked and Mrs. Wilton was completely knocked senseless and required arousal with smelling salts. She has since reported difficulty walking as the electricity traveled through her and it has impaired her right leg.

0xFEA565E0 = FUNGI DESTROYING TREES.

0xFEC85797 = SHOCKING CONDITIONS IN THE CITY.

0xFEF432F1 = The accident comes as many workers complain about the long hours, unsafe conditions and low pay and are seeking to organize a union to address such issues.

0xFEFF38A1 = THE ART OF ANGLING~n~BY JEREMY GILL.

0xFF03D2AC = WANTED BY LAW FOR YEARS

0xFF2C7536 = The Attorney General has formed an autonomous investigative agency to be headed up by veteran law enforcement officer Edgar Ross in an attempt to track high profile and dangerous criminals. The Bureau will also be tasked with investigating financial fraud and other organized crimes.

0xFF5D509D = VALENTINE HOTEL QUARANTINE

0xFF29EDFB = The brothers and their accomplices have evaded law enforcement and sown terror throughout the region. Bounties were issued for Cortez to be brought in dead or alive. Recently his brother was killed in Saint Denis, spelling the end of the Del Lobos.

0xFF40DF91 = Misses Addie Neally and Beatrice Thacker, the gayest of friends, are back home after their theater tour of Two Sets of Curtains.~n~~n~Flora, little daughter of Virginia Lamb, died Tuesday evening after contracting a sickness last month. She has gone to join her older sister Ruby who passed three weeks prior.~n~~n~Lottie Van Pelt, who has been sick with malarial fever for quite some time, cannot expect to last much longer.~n~~n~Mrs. Blanche Gorman is the guest of Mrs. Mamie Boatwright this week.

0xFF784C67 = It was a gorgeous fort by all accounts, sat in the Roanoke Ridge, south-west of Van Horn, predating the war that was to destroy it. A Union garrison was long stationed there, as it had been since the region was the frontier, watching over the usually calm and tranquil river passage nearby. However, one quiet night during the war, this calm was shattered and the fort would be no more. Confederate soldiers climbed nearby trees and fired down into the fortress.

0xFFAA93DD = Some believe she was murdered, some that she was abducted and kidnapped, although no ransom note was ever received, others posit that she was eaten by wild animals. Her disappearance has been a source of never-ending trauma and embarrassment to the Royal Family, and especially her brother, who has frequently implored the American people to assist in finding information regarding her whereabouts, and himself denies any wrongdoing in her disappearance.

0xFFBAAE06 = GARDEN PARTIES AND READINGS OF EVELYN MILLER.

0xFFE10CB9 = THE KING OF CORSETS

0xFFF73D41 = Shane Finley, wanted for multiple counts of thievery and murder, including the killing of an innocent child, has been sighted outside the Tumbleweed/Armadillo area. With a price on his head in five states, multiple bounties exist for his capture or kill. Famous bounty hunter James Langton is also in pursuit, saying "I will capture and kill you, Shane Finley, there is no uncertainty about that."

